Scene: The apartment.
Amy: This is nice, that we all get to eat together.
Leonard: Absolutely.
Amy: Hmm. Can we maybe put the phones down and have an actualhuman conversation?
Sheldon: We can, but thanks to Steve Jobs, we dont have to.
Penny: Guys, guys, youre never gonna believe this.
Leonard: What happened?
Penny: I just got a part on a TV show.
Amy: Congratulations.
Leonard: What? Thats great. Guys.
Howard: Oh, yeah
Sheldon: Yay, Penny.
Amy: Whats the show?
Penny: Um, NC II or, you know, NCSTD I dont know, its, its, you know, its the one with the letters and Im gonna be on it!
Leonard: Thats amazing.
Penny: Yeah.
Howard: Whats your part?
Penny: Um, I play a customer in a diner and I flirt with Mark Harmon.
Raj: Ooh, Mark Harmon, hes a dreamboat.
Leonard: So it, its just flirting?
Penny: Well, yeah. Why?
Leonard: Uh, no reason. I just think its sexier when things are left to the imagination.
Amy: Hes wrong.
Credits sequence.
Scene: The Cheesecake Factory.
Raj: So I read a study that says a man with a dog is three times more likely to get a womans phone number.
Leonard: Is it true even when the man lets his dog lick peanut butter off his tongue?
Raj: I dont see why not. 
Howard: If youre really desperate to meet women and like having food eaten out of your mouth, I could set you up with my mom.
Sheldon: Why is that funny? Thats just unhygienic.
Leonard: Its a joke.
Sheldon: I dont think so. I believe that a joke is a brief oral narrative with a climactic humorous twist. For example, uh, Wolowitzs mother is so fat that she decided to go on a diet, or exercise, or both. See? The twist is that people dont usually change. Well, they dont.
Penny: Hey, guys, dont forget, my episodes on TV tomorrow night.
Howard: Well be there.
Raj: Can we bring anything?
Penny: Oh, thats so sweet of you, but I was gonna steal food from here. You know, my treat.
Sheldon: Wait, if Howards mother is coming, then you should also steal marbles. Because shes obese, and hippos are obese, and in the popular board game Hungry Hungry Hippos, they eat marbles. Maybe I need to dumb these down for you. 
Scene: The stairwell.
Sheldon: Leonard, do you think Im funny?
Leonard: No. Do you?
Sheldon: I think Im hysterical.
Leonard: I take it back. That was funny.
Sheldon: The philosopher Henri Bergson says its funny when a human being behaves like an object. 
Leonard: I bet that bit killed at The Chuckle Hut.
Sheldon: Oh, he didnt perform stand-up comedy, he was a philosopher.
Leonard: You know, I think were zeroing in on your problem.
Sheldon: Perhaps Ill spend some time developing a unified theory of comedy, which will allow me to elicit laughter from anyone at any time. Unless theyre German, cause thats a tough crowd.
Leonard: Are you set on people laughing with you? Cause if youre cool with at you
Sheldon: I dont get it.
Scene: Bernadettes car.
Bernadette: Raj, when you said you were gonna bring a date to watch Pennys thing tonight, I didnt think you meant Stuart.
Howard: Really? I never for a second thought itd be anything else.
Raj: I almost met someone last night, but I blew it. I was walking Cinnamon and this girl introduced herself, but she was so cute I panicked and said, wouldnt it be easier if instead of talking we could just sniff each others butts?
Bernadette: Well, Stuarts cute in his own way.
Stuart: When I was a baby, my mother called me her little possum.
Raj: Are possums cute?
Stuart: Not at all.
Howard: If youre so intimidated by talking to attractive girls, maybe you should practice by talking to regular people.
Raj: You mean like fatties and uggos?
Bernadette: Or maybe just stop talking.
Howard: Im serious. Go to the mall, talk to anybody, practice, that way when you eventually do talk to a cute girl, it wont be so scary.
Bernadette: Or just keep dating the possum.
Scene: The apartment.
Voice on television: Parsa doesnt have those kind of resources.
Second voice: No, and thats why he had Erin Pace rewire it
Leonard: Im so proud of you.
Penny: We havent even gotten to my scene yet.
Leonard: I know, but youre going to be a TV star and you havent left me yet. That takes guts.
Sheldon: I dont know about you, but Im very uncomfortable with all this.
Amy: Why?
Sheldon: Ive never seen this show before and now Im starting with episode 246? Its unnatural.
Amy: Just think of the first 245 as the prequel.
Sheldon: All right.
Penny: Okay, shh, guys, guys, this is it.
Man on TV: I guess its you and me, kid.
Mark Harmon on TV: What are you doing?
Woman on TV: Im trying to make peace.
Mark Harmon on TV: Were good.
Woman on TV: Good.
Mark Harmon on TV: Really? Because
Penny: Are you kidding me?
Leonard: Whats wrong?
Penny: Well, the diner scene. Wheres my diner scene?
Sheldon: Well, dont ask me. Until I see the prequel, Im lost.
Penny: No, there was supposed to be a big scene with me and Mark Harmon, but its gone.
Bernadette: What happened?
Penny: They mustve cut it.
Leonard: Oh, Penny, Im, Im sorry. 
Howard: That stinks.
Raj: Im sure you were great.
Penny: This doesnt make any sense. I mean, I, I thought I did a, a really good job, I Excuse me.
Sheldon: Ive been studying how to make people laugh. They say that comedy is tragedy plus time. Lets tickle some ribs.
Scene: Pennys apartment.
Penny (on phone): No, Dad, I dont think they cut me out of the show because I was too pretty. No, I dont need you to come out and kick Mark Harmons ass. Daddy, I gotta go. I love you. Bye.
Leonard: How you doing?
Penny: Ugh, this is such a disaster. My parents had all my relatives over. They got one of those six-foot sandwiches, and got my brother a day pass out of rehab and now hes missing and the sandwich is missing, and theyre probably in Mexico by now. So humiliating.
Leonard: You still got the part. Thats a huge accomplishment.
Penny: Yeah, but this was supposed to be my break, okay? People were gonna see me in this show and it was gonna lead to bigger things. More auditions, more parts. Now none of thats gonna happen.
Leonard: Honey, you only had, like, three lines. That wasnt gonna happen anyway.
Penny: Unbelievable.
Leonard: Oh, come on, no, thats not what I meant.
Penny: Then what did you mean?
Leonard: I dont, look, you know, words dont always have to mean things.
Penny: I think you meant that you dont believe in me.
Leonard: Nope. Uh, uh, I might not know what I meant, but I know that I didnt mean that. Not this guy. Oh, no way.
Penny: I want you, right now, to give me your 100% honest opinion.
Leonard: Right.
Penny: Do you think I have what it takes to really make it as an actress?
Leonard: Yes.
Penny: So you think Ill be on TV and in movies and win awards.
Leonard: Honestly?
Penny: Yes, honestly.
Leonard: I dont.
Penny: How could you say that?
Leonard: I dont know, I got all confused when you said honestly.
Penny: Oh.
Leonard: Look, do I think that you are talented and that you are beautiful? Of course I do. But isnt Los Angeles full of actresses who are just as talented, just as beautiful? All right, look, well come back to that.
Penny: No, please. Dont stop, go on. Tell me how Im gonna be a waitress for the rest of my life.
Leonard: That is not what I said. Look, I think youre really good. I truly do. But this is an incredibly hard thing that youre shooting for. I mean, the odds of anyone becoming a successful actor are like a million to one.
Penny: Wow, thank you.
Leonard: Shouldve let Sheldon come.
Scene: The apartment.
Sheldon: This is interesting. Apparently, a key component in some forms of humour is the element of surprise. 
Amy: Well, that makes sense. The prefrontal cortex is responsible for planning and anticipation, and patients with brain lesions on their
Sheldon: BRAIN LESIONS!
Amy: Sheldon, you scared me. That wasnt funny.
Sheldon: Or maybe you have a stick up your prefrontal cortex.
Amy: Okay, the notion that you can read a few books and come up with a definitive theory of comedy is absurd. I mean, humour is a complex neurological (Sheldon drops his trousers) Okay, thats pretty good.
Sheldon: Excellent.
Scene: The mall.
Stuart: How about her?
Raj: No. No pretty girls. The point is to talk to regular people and work our way up to pretty girls.
Stuart: Fine. How about that old lady with the walker?
Raj: That depends. On any level, do you think shes hot?
Stuart: Well find somebody else.
Scene: The apartment. 
Sheldon: Kumquat?
Amy: I guess.
Sheldon: Ointment?
Amy: Sure.
Sheldon: Now, would you say ointment is more, equal to, or less funny than kumquat?
Amy: I dont think I want to go out with you anymore.
Sheldon: Will you please stop joking around? Im trying to figure this out.
Amy: Sheldon, how many words are you gonna go through?
Sheldon: All of them.
Scene: Pennys apartment. 
Penny: You didnt get your part cut.
Voice on TV: All right, baby, heres the deal.
Penny: And you didnt get your part cut. Yep, bunch of old guys rocking out in a band, all with erectile dysfunction, you didnt get your part cut!
Leonard: Hey. Can we talk?
Penny: We can, but the part of Penny might get cut.
Leonard: That was really crappy of me. What youre trying to do is hard, but people do make it, and I really do believe you could be one of them.
Penny: Thank you.
Leonard: And to show you how much I believe in you, I kind of got you an audition.
Penny: Are you serious? For what?
Leonard: The new Star Wars movie.
Penny: What? How did you manage that?
Leonard: Theres this thing online, you put yourself on tape and just send it in, anyone can do it.
Penny: Come on Leonard, this is just a PR stunt.
Leonard: So? Even if it is, you have a huge advantage because youre an actual actress. Most of the people doing this are just weirdoes and nerds. Wolowitz sent his in two days ago.
Penny: Really, let it go.
Leonard: Look, maybe it is a long shot, but sometimes long shots happen. Luke Skywalker was only given one chance to destroy the Death Star. He had to get a torpedo into an exhaust port that was only two meters wide, but with the help of The Force, he wow, I can feel you hating me right now.
Scene: The mall. 
Stuart: How about that lady in the sweat suit, speed-walking?
Raj: Yeah, she seems friendly and easy to never mind, shes gone. You know, maybe talking to people is too hard.
Stuart: We could go over to that department store, practice on the mannequins.
Raj: I dont know. Theyre dressed very stylishly. Theyre probably stuck-up. This is ridiculous. The next person that walks by, no matter who it is, theyre the one. Were gonna die here.
Scene: The Cheesecake Factory.
Amy: Hello.
Bernadette: Hey.
Howard: Wheres Sheldon?
Amy: Hes home trying to use science to determine the basis of humour.
Bernadette: Thats interesting.
Amy: Its exhausting. Do you have any idea how hard it is to laugh at a knock-knock joke that starts with knock-knock-knock, Amy, knock-knock-knock, Amy, knock-knock-knock, Amy?
Bernadette: If you want him to stop, sometimes the easiest thing to do is just fake a laugh.
Howard: Fake a laugh? Do you ever do that with me?
Bernadette: No, of course not.
Howard: Well, Id be able to tell anyway.
Bernadette: I dont think you would.
Howard: Please, Ive made plenty of girls laugh, sometimes just by asking them out. (Bernadette laughs uncontrollably) Yeah? Well, I fake my orgasms.
Scene: The apartment. 
Leonard (on phone): Yes, how much for a hundred long-stemmed red roses? Really? How much for three?
Penny: Hey.
Leonard: Yeah, Ill call you back.
Penny: Look, I know you were just trying to help with your Star Wars thing. I didnt mean to call it idiotic.
Leonard: Well, I dont think you called it idiotic.
Penny: Oh. Sorry, I meant to. Anyway, um, I was just upset with myself. I wasnt mad at you. I just feel like everything is falling apart.
Leonard: Come on. Its okay.
Penny: No, its not okay. Look at me, okay? I took a temp job as a waitress forever ago, and Im still doing it. I cant quit, because guess what? I cant do anything else. And I finally get my big break, and it goes away. Im such a mess.
Leonard: No, youre not.
Penny: Really? Cause this morning at Starbucks, a pair of old underwear fell out of my pant leg. And it wasnt the only one in there.
Leonard: Okay, listen to me, this is just a minor setback.
Penny: No, its not, okay? Ive been out here for, like, ten years. Ive nothing to show for it.
Leonard: Well, you have me.
Penny: Youre right. I do have you. Mm. Lets get married.
Leonard: What?
Penny: Ooh. Leonard Hofstadter, will you marry me?
Leonard: Um
Penny: Did you seriously just say um?
Leonard: Look, you know I love you but, but youre, youre drunk and sad and feeling lost.
Penny: Okay, so, so you dont want to marry me?
Leonard: That is not what I said.
Penny: No, forget it. I take it back. Offers off the table.
Sheldon: Whos in the mood to laugh?
Leonard: Really not a good time.
Sheldon: But I used science to construct the perfect joke.
Penny: Im gonna go.
Leonard: Penny, dont.
Penny: No, no, I just need to be alone.
Sheldon: So, a sandwich, a rabbi and yo mama walk into a bar. Where are you going?
Leonard: To my room.
Sheldon: Should I follow you?
Leonard: No.
Sheldon: Leonard, wait.
Leonard: What?
Sheldon: I forgot to tell you the sandwich is promiscuous.
Scene: The mall.
Stuart: How about those guys on that bench over there? They look pathetic. I bet we could talk to them.
Raj: Thats a mirror.
Stuart: Oh, yeah.
Security Guard: Hey, fellas, malls closing.
Raj: Sorry.
Security Guard: Yeah. Good night.
Raj: Uh, excuse me. 
Security Guard: Yeah?
Raj: Uh, do, do you like being a mall security guard?
Security Guard: Its all right.
Raj: Okay, nice talking to you.
Stuart: Smooth.
Scene: The apartment.
Sheldon: Cant sleep?
Leonard: No.
Sheldon: Would you like to talk about it?
Leonard: Penny proposed, and I didnt say yes.
Sheldon: Why not?
Leonard: Thats a good question.
Sheldon: Does that mean the relationship is over?
Leonard: I dont know.
Sheldon: Why dont you ask her?
Leonard: Because Im afraid to know the answer.
Sheldon: Well, Im sorry.
Leonard: Thats it? Youre not gonna make some dumb joke or some inappropriate comment?
Sheldon: No. Youre my friend, and, Im sorry.
Leonard: Did you just put a kick me sign on my back?
Sheldon: No. That wouldnt be funny at all.
Scene: Howard and Bernadettes bedroom.
Howard: Star Wars audition, take one, starring Howard Joel Wolowitz, real-life astronaut. Vader is here, now, on this moon. I felt his presence. Hes come for me. He can feel when Im near
Bernadette: How many times do I have to tell you to replace the toilet paper when its empty?
Howard: Im in the middle of something.
Bernadette: So am I.
