Scene: The apartment.
Leonard: Okay, were headed out, see you later.
Sheldon: Before you leave, could you test these noise-cancelling headphones?
Leonard: Yeah, sure.
Sheldon: Okay. Go ahead.
Leonard: Hello, can you hear me? Sheldon, I havent changed the filter in the water pitcher in two years.
Penny: Uh, Bernadettes nickname for you is the virgin pia colada.
Leonard: Your George Lucas autograph is really a me autograph.
Penny: Yeah, once I was too lazy to walk across the hall, so I used your toothbrush.
Leonard: Ooh, and one time when you were asleep, Amy totally took off her and thats why youre the best roommate ever.
Sheldon: Aw, now Im sad I didnt hear it.
Penny: So what do you need the headphones for?
Sheldon: Well, Ive been struggling for months to come up with a theory of dark matter that doesnt make protons decay. Im hoping to finally tackle it by optimising my work environment. See, Ive got, uh, my tea is at the perfect sipping temperature. Uh, I have fleece-lined boxer shorts to keep my tushie toasty. And then, oh, last but not least, this inspirational cat poster improved with the reassuring face of physics renegade Richard Feynman.
Penny: Is that why you had to take him to Office Depot last night?
Leonard: I dont want to talk about it. There, the place is all yours.
Penny: Yeah, have fun.
Sheldon: Oh, I will, nothing more fun than a paradigm-shifting evening of science.
Penny: And you thought it was soaping me up in the shower.
Leonard: Bye.
Sheldon: Okay. Here we go. Proton decay. Proton decay. (Time shift) Proton decay. Proton decay. (Time shift) Proton decay. Proton decay.
Leonard: Hey, were home. Any progress?
Sheldon: How could there be, with these constant interruptions?
Penny: I love him, but if hes broken, lets not get a new one.
Credits sequence.
Scene: The apartment. 
Leonard: What are you doing? Its time to go.
Sheldon: Im not going to work today. And would you like to know why?
Leonard: Ah, youre upset because you spent the whole night working on dark matter and didnt make a breakthrough, and now youre worried you made a huge mistake switching fields, and youre gonna sit around and sulk all day?
Sheldon: Like a big old baby.
Leonard: Call me if you need anything.
Sheldon: Ive been cooped up in here too long. Maybe I need some fresh air.
Penny (off): Ugh! Ugh! Ugh! Ugh! 
Sheldon: (Knock, knock, knock) Penny?
Penny (off): Ugh!
Sheldon: (Knock, knock, knock) Penny?
Penny (off): Ugh!
Sheldon: (Knock, knock, knock) Penny?
Penny: Ugh, what?
Sheldon: You sounded in distress. I was worried something unpleasant was happening to you. Like a murder. Or spontaneous coitus with Leonard.
Penny: Oh, Im just doing this awful workout. I hate it.
Sheldon: Well, if you hate it, then why are you doing it? Although I could ask the same question about coitus with Leonard.
Penny: I dont know, I guess I like that I hate it. It makes me work harder.
Sheldon: And to clarify?
Penny: The exercise, Sheldon. Shouldnt you be getting ready for work?
Sheldon: Im not going. Would you like to know why?
Penny: Uh, youre sad about not getting anything done last night, so youre gonna sit around and pout about it?
Sheldon: Boy, Im not nearly as mysterious as I think I am.
Scene: The cafeteria.
Howard: I invented a game. You want to play?
Leonard: Sure.
Howard: Its called Emily or Cinnamon. I give you actual quotes Ive heard Raj say, and you guess if he was talking to his girlfriend or his dog.
Raj: Go ahead, make fun. You cant embarrass me, Ive got a beautiful girlfriend and a dog who loves me so much she drinks my bathwater.
Howard: Okay, who was he talking to, Emily or Cinnamon? I want you to know, the bed feels so lonely when youre not in it.
Raj: I may not be liking this game so much.
Leonard: Cinnamon. Give me another one.
Howard: Okay, Emily or Cinnamon? Check it out, I got us matching sweaters.
Leonard: We all got the Christmas card, Cinnamon.
Raj: You know, a man can care deeply about a woman and a pet. Its not strange.
Leonard: Ooh, Emily. I heard him say that to Emily. Hey, I thought you were staying home.
Sheldon: Yeah, I was, but after talking to Penny, I realised something. I, first, shes trying much harder to stay attractive in this relationship than you are. And second, the reason I may not be progressing in my research is Ive created too pleasant of an environment for myself.
Howard: What do you mean?
Sheldon: According to a classic psychological experiment by Yerkes and Dodson, in order to maximize performance, one must create a state of productive anxiety. So Id like to ask you all to do something for me. Keep me on my toes. Just throw me off my game. Essentially, go out of your way to make my life miserable.
Howard: Hold on. Whats in it for us?
Sheldon: Well, I suppose
Howard: Okay, well do it.
Scene: Amys laboratory.
Sheldon: Done.
Amy: 33 seconds. Okay, thatll be our baseline.
Sheldon: You know, I dont want to tell you how to do your job, but when a mouse completes a maze, it gets a food pellet.
Amy: It also gets its brain plucked out with tweezers.
Sheldon: And his last meal was a food pellet? Youre a monster.
Amy: All right, next, were gonna introduce an anxiety-inducing stimulus, measure your stress levels and see how it affects your problem-solving rate.
Sheldon: Very well. And good luck, Im a pretty laid-back guy.
Amy: Ready? Begin. Whyd you pop it?
Sheldon: Im sorry, I was aiming for your heart.
Amy: Look, I know you dont like it, but thats the point of the experiment. I need to irritate you to find your optimal anxiety zone. And you said no to tickling, polka music or watching me eat a banana.
Sheldon: Who eats them horizontally?
Amy: My mother said thats how good girls do it.
Sheldon: Perhaps this was a waste of time.
Amy: Sheldon, youre a remarkable scientist. Just be patient, Im sure youll find the breakthrough youve been looking for.
Sheldon: Thank you.
Amy: And if you only do solid research instead of making a groundbreaking discovery, what does it matter?
Sheldon: Only do solid research? I come to you for help, and you insult me? I thought the least that you would do would be
Amy: Look, your anxiety levels are right in the zone.
Sheldon: Really? Oh, thats fantastic. Now, wait, theyre dropping. Why are they dropping?
Amy: Because youre happy theyre elevated.
Sheldon: Oh, that is infuriating. Ooh, look, they went back up again. Terrific. Oh, no, they went back down.
Scene: The apartment.
Raj: All right, guys, what game do you want to play?
Howard: Lets see. How about Emily or Cinnamon?
Raj: You know what? I think its a little weird that you remember me saying all these things. Maybe the truth is, youre jealous of all my relationships.
Howard: Oh, maybe I am. Who wouldnt want to be the girl, or possibly dog, to hear the words youre so lucky, you have the shiniest hair.
Leonard: That is a tough one. Uh, I know he brushes both of them.
Sheldon: Gentlemen, I have figured out the perfect way for you to irritate me. Id like you to be my intellectual sparring partners. From now on, when I make an assertion, I need you to challenge it.
Leonard: So you just want us to disagree with whatever you say?
Sheldon: Yes.
Raj: And you think thats going to help?
Sheldon: Yes.
Howard: Well, I dont think thats gonna help at all.
Sheldon: Oh, no, it will. See, by keeping my mind engaged, Ill become more focused.
Leonard: Howards right, thatll never work.
Sheldon: Stop fighting me on the premise. Its scientifically valid. Im going to advance propositions, I just want you to challenge me.
Raj: I dont think thats what you want at all.
Sheldon: Why, of course its what I want. Why would I say its what I want if its not what I want?
Leonard: Because it is what you want, and its not what you said.
Sheldon: I ask you for one simple thing, and you cant even do it.
Howard: Yes, we can.
Sheldon: Yeah, well, then do it.
Howard: Nah.
Sheldon: You guys are the worst. Thank you, I think that was helpful.
Scene: Pennys apartment. 
Penny: So, whichever rep has the best sales for the quarter gets a trip for two to Hawaii.
Amy: That would be so romantic for you and Leonard.
Penny: Yeah, clearly you havent seen him on the beach walking around with his metal detector.
Amy: If I were going to Hawaii, Id spend all my time at the Keck Observatory. Did you know that the telescopes there have better resolution than the Hubble?
Penny: Really? Want to go to Hawaii?
Sheldon: (Knock, knock, knock) Ladies? (Knock, knock, knock) Ladies? (Knock, knock, knock) Ladies?
Penny: Come in.
Sheldon: Ladies.
Penny: Whats up?
Sheldon: Well, as you may know, Ive been experimenting with elevated anxiety levels, and I thought, what better way to increase my discomfort than to subject myself to an evening of tasteless uncensored crotch talk?
Penny: What exactly do you think goes on here?
Sheldon: Well, conversations that you wouldnt be comfortable having in front of the opposite sex. You know, who has the best cervix. Which sanitary napkin is all the rage right now. Mens buttocks, and how you want to pat and squeeze them.
Bernadette: We were talking about Pennys job.
Sheldon: And how difficult it is to do when shes bloated, cranky and crampy? Continue.
Penny: Sheldon, we are just people. We talk about the same things you guys talk about.
Sheldon: You talk about if werewolves can swim? See, Leonard says yes, but I say it depends on if the human could swim before he was bitten. What do you think?
Penny: Lets just talk about our periods.
Amy: No, hold on. All canines instinctively know how to swim. Why wouldnt a werewolf have the same abilities?
Bernadette: Well, theyre not a hundred percent wolf. Theyre a werewolf, thats only part wolf. Its like comparing apples to oranges.
Sheldon: Thank you. Oh, and technically, its apples that turn into were-oranges when the moon is full. Hey, this is fun. We should do it sometime when you arent all PMSing. Bye.
Scene: The apartment. 
Leonard: What is going on?
Sheldon: Oh. Uh, I need to keep my anxiety at the right level, so Im using Darth Vader, the Joker, and Godzillas roar to keep me in that sweet spot. Uh, I tried including Taylor Swift in the mix, but turns out I love her.
Leonard: Well, at least listen to it through headphones. Im trying to sleep. Good night.
Sheldon: Boy, Taylor was right, haters gonna hate, hate, hate, hate, hate.
Scene: Amys apartment.
Amy: Youve been working so much lately, Im glad you didnt forget about date night.
Sheldon: Of course.
Amy: Sheldon.
Sheldon: Yeah.
Amy: Maybe you want to put the notebook away and talk to me.
Sheldon: I can do both. My brain is working at optimal capacity. I can have a conversation with you and solve the dark matter proton decay problem at the same time.
Amy: Fine. How was your day?
Sheldon: Oh, you said it.
Amy: Sheldon. Sheldon, Im worried about you. Youre not eating, you havent slept in days, and, to be honest, that cap is starting to smell.
Sheldon: I know. Its replaced Godzilla as my principle source of anxiety.
Scene: The apartment. 
Howard: Okay, so its one vote Emily, one vote Cinnamon. Penny, youre the tiebreaker.
Penny: Say the quote again.
Howard: Its just so perfect that were both Libras.
Penny: Wow, this is hard. Im gonna say Cinnamon.
Howard: Yes.
Penny: Yes.
Raj: Come on.
Howard: That was the last one, I promise. We wont play any more.
Raj: Thank you. Cause if she ever found out, it would hurt her feelings.
Bernadette: Emilys feelings?
Raj: Yes, Emily. Whatever. Wheres Sheldon?
Penny: Date night.
Leonard: That cant be much fun for Amy. You know, at work today, he tried his first Red Bull.
Bernadette: What happened?
Leonard: He chased a squirrel around the quad for a while and then threw up in my car.
Bernadette: Dont you think you should make him stop all this?
Howard: I dont know, hes not really hurting anybody.
Leonard: You didnt have to scoop vomit out of your glove compartment.
Sheldon: He is getting a lot of work done. He had a pretty interesting take on proton decay.
Raj: Wow, if he cracks that its a game changer, guys. Itll completely redefine our understanding of the physical universe.
Howard: Hmm, it would. Okay, back to Emily or Cinnamon? How can such a little girl eat such a big steak?
Scene: Amys apartment.
Amy: Sheldon, I want you to take that cap off.
Sheldon: That nagging tone is helping my anxiety, yeah. But if you could maybe just go ten percent less shrill, thatd really put the zip-a-dee in my doo-dah.
Amy: Im sorry, but you know we agreed not to bring work to date night.
Sheldon: There you go, perfect.
Amy: Sheldon, stop it, Im not kidding. Take the cap off, and put the notebook away.
Sheldon: But after months of struggling, Im finally making progress.
Amy: You dont need to drive yourself crazy in order to be productive.
Sheldon: Or do I, hmm? Sir Isaac Newton wrote his Principia while convinced he was an armadillo.
Amy: Thats not true.
Sheldon: Yeah, well, maybe it is, maybe it isnt. I have been hallucinating lately.
Amy: Sheldon, this has to stop. You need to get some sleep and take care of yourself.
Sheldon: Amy, I have gotten more done in the last few days than I have since I made the switch to dark matter. What if I stop doing this, and it all goes away?
Amy: Your thoughts and ideas come from you, not from your anxiety.
Sheldon: Hmm, perhaps. But Im not taking the cap off.
Amy: Its one thing to make yourself miserable, but youre making everyone around you miserable, too. Now, Im telling you for the last time, take the cap off.
Sheldon: Oh, really? What if I dont? And before you answer that, can I have my dessert?
Scene: A bus.
Sheldon: And then she threw me out. Me, her very own boyfriend. When all Ive done is try to help humanity reach of the world we live in.
Man: Yeah, well, women, what are you gonna do?
Sheldon: I knew youd understand, Armadillo Isaac Newton.
Scene: Sheldons bedroom.
Penny: Okay.
Leonard: Here we are.
Sheldon: Hey. What are you trying to pull? The president of science isnt in here.
Leonard: You lie down, hell be here in a minute.
Sheldon: Okay. Hey, I thought you were trying to trick me.
Penny: Now, you just get comfortable.
Sheldon: No, no, comfort is the enemy. You know whats comfortable? Slippers and blankets and panda bears. Imagine a panda bear with Richard Feynmans face on it. Warm up the car, Leonard, its poster time.
Leonard: Maybe in the morning.
Penny: Yeah, you get some sleep.
Sheldon: No, I dont want to go to sleep, you cant make me.
Penny: Youre right, we cant.
Sheldon: Yeah, darn straight, you cant. Try to tell a grown man to go to sleep.
Penny (singing): Soft kitty, warm kitty.
Leonard (singing): Little ball of fur.
Sheldon: Thats not gonna work.
Penny (singing): Happy kitty, sleepy kitty.
Together (singing): Purr, purr, purr.
Leonard: You know, he can be a lot of trouble, but when I see him lying here asleep like this, I just think how easy it would be to hold a pillow over his face.
Penny: Mmmm.
Scene: The cafeteria.
Howard: You look like you got some rest.
Sheldon: Oh, Im feeling much better. And Ive also been continuing to make progress without artificially raising my anxiety levels.
Leonard: I turned on the heat in my car and some vomit came out, so my levels, right up there.
Raj: Hey, guys. Mind if Emily joins us for lunch?
Leonard: Yeah, sure.
Howard: Yeah, no problem.
Sheldon: Of course not.
Emily: So I hear you guys have been playing a little game.
Howard: Well, um, we were just kidding around.
Emily: Well, you may think its funny that Raj is sweet and sensitive, but I think its sexy. Ugh, why is there dog hair in your mouth?
