Scene: The stairwell.
Sheldon: Its an outrage.
Leonard: I know.
Sheldon: The university, they think they can do whatever they want. We just have to sit there and take it.
Leonard: You need to let it go, Sheldon.
Sheldon: You work tirelessly for someone, and this is what you get.
Leonard: Oh, my God, theyre just making you use your vacation days.
Sheldon: But I dont want a vacation.
Leonard: Okay, listen, I dont mean to diminish what youre going through, but Im a little distracted right now.
Sheldon: Oh, this again? So, Penny proposed, you didnt say yes, and now you think you may have lost her love forever. How does this compare to me being forced to relax for a few days?
Leonard: It doesnt.
Sheldon: Thank you.
Leonard: Im gonna go talk to Penny. 
Sheldon: Im going to go inside, put on my coziest pajamas, curl up with a good book and wait for this nightmare to be over. (Leonard knocks three times) Penny. Sorry.
Penny: Hi.
Leonard: Hey.
Penny: Look, Im sorry I didnt text you back. I just needed some time to think.
Leonard: Okay.
Penny: Yeah. Come in.
Leonard: Look, if you want to break up, just say it.
Penny: Leonard
Leonard: No, no, no, no. I take it back. Dont say it. Just, just hate me, but stay with me. It worked for my parents.
Penny: Listen, I dont want to break up with you.
Leonard: Oh. Oh, okay. Good, good. So, its cool if I cry a little?
Penny: Yeah, I probably wouldnt.
Leonard: Yeah.
Penny: Look, you did the right thing last night. I was a mess. I was just frustrated because my career is going nowhere.
Leonard: Look, I get it, and I want you to know that I support whatever you want to do.
Penny: Great, because Ive been thinking, if I really want this acting thing to work, I need to focus all my energy on it. And to do that, I should quit waitressing at The Cheesecake Factory.
Leonard: Wow. That, thats a big step.
Penny: I know.
Leonard: So, well, before making any rash
Penny: I already quit.
Leonard: And I support you.
Credits sequence.
Scene: The apartment.
Sheldon: Come on, take me to work with you.
Leonard: No. Youre on vacation.
Sheldon: Please. What if theres a big breakthrough in science today and Im not there to see it?
Leonard: Do you really think theres gonna be a breakthrough without you there to do it?
Sheldon: No. I was just tricking you.
Leonard: Bye.
Sheldon: Leonard, wait. Take me with you.
Leonard: No.
Sheldon: Please.
Leonard: No.
Sheldon: Too bad. Im coming with you.
Leonard: Oh, Sheldon, stay.
Sheldon: But.
Leonard: I said stay. Im going to work. Do not follow me. 
Scene: The comic book store.
Bernadette: Hey Stuart.
Stuart: Hey.
Bernadette: Sorry. Did I startle you?
Stuart: Yes, but at this point, pretty much any customer does. What can I do for you?
Bernadette: Well, I need a little help. I accidentally destroyed one of Howards comic books this morning, and was hoping I could replace it.
Stuart: Wow. What happened?
Bernadette: Batman got his ass kicked by my curling iron.
Stuart: Well, dont let The Riddler know that. Its a comic book joke. Or maybe its not.
Bernadette: Do you have this one?
Stuart: Uh, well, its, its pretty rare. Can you give me a few days to track it down?
Bernadette: Ooh, I was kind of hoping to get it before Howie comes home from work.
Stuart: Oh. Whats the hurry?
Bernadette: Well, hes always saying I should be more careful with my curling iron, and it seems like a dangerous precedent to let him think he can be right.
Stuart: Well, Ill do what I can, but I cant make any promises.
Bernadette: You know, I do work at a pharmaceutical company. If you can make this happen today, I can hook you up with anxiety medication, antidepressants. 
Stuart: Really? Do you have any of these?
Scene: Amys laboratory.
Amy: Hello, Mr. Rat Brain. Not so bitey without the rest of the rat to back us up now, are we?
Howard: Anybody home?
Amy: Hey, what brings you guys here?
Raj: Well, we were just on our way to lunch and wanted to see if youd like to join.
Amy: Why? Because Sheldons not here this week, and you dont think I have any other options? Im just kidding. Ill get my purse.
Bert: Hi, Amy. I, oh, Im sorry. I didnt know you had any company.
Amy: Thats okay. Uh, Bert, this is Howard and Rajesh. Guys, this is Bert.
Howard: Hi.
Raj: Hey. Good to see you.
Bert: Anyway, I wanted to show you this tourmalinated quartzthat we got in the lab.
Amy: This is so pretty. Bert works for the geology department.
Bert: Yeah. You know what, uh, geologists and Bon Jovi have in common?
Howard: Youre both into rock?
Bert: Yeah. Well, see ya.
Amy: Oh, you forgot your quartz.
Bert: Oh, its okay. I want you to have it. Bye.
Amy: Hes nice.
Howard: Yeah, hes nice because he likes you.
Amy: What?! No, he doesnt.
Raj: He brought you a pretty rock.
Amy: So? He does that every day. Oh.
Howard: You know, if youd rather skip lunch and hang out with your boyfriend Bert, its totally okay.
Amy: Hes not my boyfriend.
Raj: Are you sure? Hes tall, pale and awkward. That sounds like your type.
Amy: Should someone as lonely as you really be making fun of me?
Raj: Yeah, grow up, Howard. God.
Amy: What do I do? I dont want to hurt his feelings.
Howard: Maybe the problem is he thinks youre available. Does he know youre dating Sheldon?
Amy: I guess it hasnt come up.
Howard: There you go. 
Raj: And does Sheldon know youre dating Sheldon?
Amy: Im sorry. Who are you dating?
Raj: Yeah, knock it off, Howard.
Scene: The stairwell.
Penny: Oh. Hey, Sheldon.
Sheldon: Hello.
Penny: You okay?
Sheldon: Im on vacation. What do you think?
Penny: Why are you sitting in the stairwell?
Sheldon: Leonard told me to stay.
Penny: Oh. Well, good boy.
Sheldon: Where are you going?
Penny: Oh, I have a ton of errands to run. I need to make copies of my headshot, send them off to agents and sign up for a new acting class.
Sheldon: Well, have fun.
Penny: Okay. You want to come with me?
Sheldon: Really?
Penny: Come on, boy. Come on. Lets go. Lets go. Get in the car. Come on.
Scene: The comic book store.
Stuart (on phone): All right, thanks a lot. They have one at Capital Comics.
Bernadette: Oh, thats great.
Stuart: No, its not. I hate that place. Guy who owns it is a jerk. Hes always making me feel bad about myself.
Bernadette: Oh, thats terrible. Whats the address?
Stuart: You know, why dont I just take you there? That way, I can make sure he doesnt rip you off.
Bernadette: Oh, thanks, but I dontwant you to close up. I mean, wont you lose business? Sorry. That was mean.
Scene: The cafeteria.
Amy: Penny really quit The Cheesecake Factory?
Leonard: Yeah.
Howard: So, what is she doing today?
Leonard: I dont know. She already thinks I dont support this, so if I call, it might look like Im checking up on her.
Raj: Well, do you support this?
Leonard: Of course I do. Shes a great actress. Im proud shes taking this risk.
Amy: Thats nice.
Leonard: You bought that? Great. I got to call her before I forget how I said it. Hey.
Penny: Hi. Whats up?
Leonard: Oh, hows it going? You taking Hollywood by storm?
Penny: Actually, Im at The Cheesecake Factory.
Leonard: You got your job back. That is great news. I didnt want to say anything, but you are making the right choice. To plunge yourself into debt right now would be literally insane.
Penny: Yeah. Im just returning my uniform.
Leonard: And I support you.
Scene: Pennys car.
Voice: Before we begin your guided meditation, close your eyes and picture yourself in a peaceful environment.
Sheldon: Okay. Im inside the CERN super collider.
Voice: Now, take a deep, relaxing breath in through your nose. And let it out.
Sheldon: Wow. Didnt see that coming.
Voice: In. 
Sheldon: Let me guess.
Voice: And out.
Sheldon: What was I gonna do? Two ins in a row? Wheres my lemonade?
Penny: I didnt get it.
Sheldon: A fitting swan song to your career as a waitress, to forget my order one last time.
Penny: Do you think quitting my job was a mistake?
Sheldon: Do you see me drinking lemonade?
Penny: No. Im serious.
Sheldon: Why do you ask?
Penny: Because Leonard just pissed me off. Am I being an idiot or not?
Sheldon: No, I dont think you are. 
Penny: Really?
Sheldon: The best way to achieve a goal is to devote 100% of your time and energy to it. When I decided I was going to be a physicist, I didnt take some other job in case it didnt work out. Which wasnt easy because there was a lot of pressure from Ms. Pearson for me to be chalk monitor that year.
Penny: Thank you. I needed to hear that. Why cant Leonard understand it?
Sheldon: Because hes not like us, Penny. Were dreamers.
Penny: Yeah, I need to start cracking the window when I leave you in the car.
Scene: Amys laboratory.
Bert: Hey.
Amy: Hello, Bert.
Bert: So, anyway, theres this big, uh, rock and mineral show next week in Santa Monica.
Amy: Listen, um, Bert, before you say anything else, I, I have a boyfriend.
Bert: Oh. This is awkward. You thought I was gonna ask you to go with me to the mineral show.
Amy: Werent you?
Bert: Yeah.
Amy: Thats very nice of you, but I do have a boyfriend.
Bert: Thats what you all say. You just dont want to go out with me because I have an off-putting personality.
Amy: No, thats not true. My boyfriend has an off-putting personality, too. Like, way worse than you.
Bert: Dont worry. Im used to it. I mean, Im big and weird and funny-looking and no one ever wants to do anything with me.
Amy: Dont say that. 
Bert: Its okay. I know Im a monster. 
Amy: No, Bert, come on. Id love to go to the mineral show with you.
Bert: Sweet. Its a date.
Amy: No, its not.
Bert: Too late.
Scene: Capital Comics.
Bernadette: Wow.
Stuart: Yeah. Havent seen this many people in my store since that Korean church bus crashed through my front window.
Jesse: Hey, Stuart.
Stuart: Jesse.
Jesse: Havent seen you in forever. Look how grey youve gotten.
Stuart: My hairs exactly the same colour as always.
Jesse: No, I was talking about your skin.
Stuart: Look, uh, my friend here needs a comic book.
Jesse: Ooh, and she went into your store by mistake. Good thing there was no one there to see you. What do you need? Oh, yeah, yeah. I got this. Right over here.
Stuart: Even you, Sweatpants?
Sweatpants: Free popcorn.
Jesse: Can I offer you a coffee? Espresso? Latte?
Bernadette: No, thanks.
Jesse: How about you, Stu? Mocha? Scone? Directions to the nearest soup kitchen?
Bernadette: Hey.
Jesse: Im just kidding. He knows where the soup kitchen is.
Stuart: Its on Merton Avenue.
Bernadette: I dont think I like the way youre treating my friend.
Jesse: Sorry. You want the book or not?
Bernadette: Not from you. Lets go, Stuart.
Stuart: You know something, Jesse? You may have a successful business and the kind of pink complexion that comes with good nutrition, but I have something more important.
Jesse: Whats that?
Stuart: Friendship. Which I would trade in a heartbeat for all of this.
Scene: Amys laboratory.
Howard: The mineral and rock show? That would be awful even without Bert.
Amy: So what am I supposed to do now?
Raj: Prepare your uterus for his gigantic offspring?
Amy: This isnt funny. Im gonna have to tell him the truth, that even if I didnt have a boyfriend, I wouldnt be interested in him.
Howard: Oh, Ive heard those words so many times. From Linda Nosenchuck, Tammy Rosenworcel.
Raj: Padma Kapur, Neha Chowdury.
Howard: Marci Grossman, Lisa Mazzarino.
Raj: Megan Pincus.
Howard: Tammy Cho.
Raj: Oh, who was that girl from our Starbucks?
Howard: Arlene Russel.
Raj: Yes. Arlene. She wrote no way on both our cappuccinos.
Howard: Poor Bert. That guys got a rough afternoon ahead of him.
Amy: Well, how would you want a girl to tell you she wasnt interested?
Raj: I guess, uh, Id like her to sit me down, look me in the eye and say, I was wrong. I love you. And then maybe she could touch me in a special way.
Howard: Thats how you reject a guy.
Amy: Okay, I dont have time for this. Im just gonna go find him and be brutally honest.
Howard: No, dont.
Raj: Hell be so upset. Hell probably climb up the Empire State Building and start swatting at planes.
Howard: You want us to talk to him?
Amy: Really? You would do that?
Raj: Sure. Weve both been in his shoes. Well let him down with compassion and respect.
Amy: Thank you.
Howard: Lets go.
Raj: So we tell him shes a lesbian, right?
Howard: Of course we tell him shes a lesbian.
Scene: The apartment. Penny and Sheldon are doing yoga.
Penny: And hold three, two, one. Very good. Now lets try Warrior 2. And hold.
Sheldon: Ive read that there are great yogis who have such mastery over their bodies they can draw water in through their genitals.
Penny: Yeah, well, I dont think were gonna get to do that today.
Sheldon: Too bad. It seems like a good way to drink a milk shake without getting brain freeze.
Leonard: Oh, hey.
Penny: And now we go to Reverse Warrior.
Leonard: How did she get you to do yoga?
Sheldon: Well, to be honest, I thought she said Yoda.
Penny: Im helping him relax because, unlike you, he supports me.
Leonard: Oh, how many times do I have to say it? I support you.
Penny: Sheldon, take a break.
Sheldon: Namaste.
Penny: Okay, if you support me, what was with that phone call?
Leonard: Fine. Im not sure you should have quit. But if you care so much what I think, why didnt you ask me before you did it?
Penny: Oh, so now I need your permission? Would you have asked me before you quit your job?
Leonard: Yes. I thought we were in the kind of relationship where we make decisions together. If Im wrong, then maybe we need to talk about the kind of relationship were actually in.
Penny: Yeah, well, maybe we do.
Sheldon: Im willing to if you guys are.
Leonard: Can we please have some privacy?
Sheldon: Y, No. Im as much a part of this relationship as you two, and I think its high time we put all our cards on the table. For example, where is this going? Are you two ever getting married? And, if so, where will we all live? Have you thought about that?
Leonard: No.
Sheldon: Penny?
Penny: Okay, wait. What are we doing?
Leonard: For some reason, were planning a future where we both live with Sheldon forever.
Sheldon: Good. Now were getting somewhere.
Penny: Look, I know you think Im being reckless, and you might be right, but I need to take this shot.
Sheldon: Yeah, no kidding. Despite what it says on her rsum, she is no longer 22. 
Leonard: I swear, I am on your side. 
Penny: You keep saying youre on my side, but you dont act like it.
Sheldon: He does that to me, too. Why do we put up with it?
Leonard: Listen, I could never do what youre doing, okay? I would be terrified.
Penny: Well, its scary for me, too.
Sheldon: Im fine with it.
Leonard: My point is, just because I couldnt do it doesnt mean you shouldnt. And Im proud of you. 
Penny: Okay. Thank you.
Sheldon: Well, to celebrate this reconciliation, lets all share a milk shake. Uh, Penny, youll need a straw.
Scene: Capital Comics.
Jesse: Youre back.
Bernadette: Yes, I am, theres a few more things I want to say to you. Stuarts store is just fine, and hes a much nicer person than you are, and if you still have that comic, Id like to buy it right now.
Jesse: No problem. Oh, you want a latte while you wait?
Bernadette: No, I dont want a latte. I want a cappuccino and a blueberry scone. 
Jesse: I only have chocolate chip.
Bernadette: Well, that sounds even better.
Scene: Berts car.
Bert: Thanks for coming to the mineral and rock show with me.
Raj: Were sorry Amy didnt want to go.
Howard: Really, really sorry.
Bert: Eh. Who needs her when I have you guys? Rock show! Rock show! Rock show! Rock show! Rock show! Rock show! Rock sho-o-o-o-o-ow!
