Scene: The apartment.
Sheldon: Hu-u-u-uh. Hu-u-u-uh!
Leonard: Problem?
Sheldon: This is Thai food.
Howard: Here we go.
Sheldon: We dont have Thai food on Thursday. We have pizza on Thursday.
Leonard: Yes, but we all agreed that the third Thursday of every month would be Anything Can Happen Thursday.
Sheldon: Well apparently the news didnt reach my digestive system, which, when startled, has its own version of Anything Can Happen Thursday.
Howard: Come on, the whole idea behind Anything Can Happen Thursday is to get out of this rut weve been in lately.
Sheldon: Rut? I think you mean consistency. And if were going to abandon that, then why even call it Thursday? Lets call it Quonko Day and divide it into 29 hours of 17 minutes apiece, and celebrate it by sacrificing a goat to the mighty god Ra.
Raj: I could go for some goat.
Leonard: Sheldon, we agreed wed do something different tonight.
Sheldon: All right. Lets go to the comic book store.
Raj: We went to the comic book store last night.
Sheldon: Last night was Wednesday. Wednesday is comic book night. Tonight, well be going on Thursday, because its Anything Can Happen Thursday.
Leonard: Way to think outside but pressed right up against the box, Sheldon.
Raj: So what are we going to do tonight?
Howard: If I may proffer a suggestion, in bars all across this great nation of ours, Thursday night is Ladies Night. Which means, as the evening progresses, we will get better looking courtesy of 99 cent margaritas and two-for-one Jell-O shots.
Leonard: Come on, Howard, the odds of us picking up girls in a bar are practically zero.
Howard: Really? Are you familiar with the Drake Equation?
Sheldon: The one that estimates the odds of making contact with extraterrestrials by calculating the product of an increasingly restrictive series of fractional values such as those stars with planets, and those planets likely to develop life? N equals R times FP times NE times FL times FI times FC times L?
Howard: Yeah, that one. You can modify it to calculate our chances of having sex by changing the formula to use the number of single women in Los Angeles, the number of those who might find us attractive, and what I call the Wolowitz Coefficient.
Raj: The Wolowitz Coefficient?
Howard: Neediness times dress size squared. Crunching the numbers, I come up with a conservative 5,812 potential sex partners within a 40-mile radius.
Leonard: Youre joking.
Howard: Im a horny engineer, Leonard. I never joke about math or sex.
Raj: Well, what are we waiting for? Lets bounce, bitches.
Leonard: Youre right. Its Anything Can Happen Thursday, lets hit the clubs and meet hot women!
Raj: Here we go. Lock up your daughters! Were going to hit it and quit it.
Leonard: Or we could finish eating and go to the comic book store.
Raj: Also a good plan.
Howard: Alright, but next Anything Can Happen Thursday, were definitely going to a bar.
Leonard: Oh, absolutely.
Raj: You heard that, Ladies Night ladies? Were eventually coming for you!
Sheldon: Fascinating.
Credits sequence.
Penny: Oh hey, guys, wherere you headed?
Sheldon: To the comic book store. Youre probably thinking, the comic book store? On a Thursday? Why, Ive fallen down the rabbit hole and into a land of madness. What you have failed to take into account, Penny, is that this is Anything Can Happen Thursday.
Penny: You got me. While youre there, could pick me up a few comics for my nephews birthday?
Sheldon: I think you mean comic books. Comics are feeble attempts at humour featuring talking babies and anthropomorphized pets found traditionally in the optimistically named funny pages.
Penny: Leonard, could you pick me up a few comics for my nephews birthday?
Leonard: Sure. What does he like?
Penny: I dont know, hes 13. Just pick out anything.
Sheldon: Just pick out anything? Maybe at the same time we can pick out a new suit for him without knowing his size, or pick out his career for him without knowing his aptitude, or pick out a new breakfast cereal without knowing his fibre requirements or his feelings about little marshmallows.
Penny: Spider-Man. Get him Spider-Man.
Sheldon: Amazing Spider-Man, Ultimate Spider-Man, Spectacular Spider-Man, The Marvelous Adventures of Spider-Man, Spider-Man 2099?
Penny: Leonard?
Leonard: You know this can go on all night, why dont you just come with us?
Penny: Ugh, thats what I was trying to avoid.
Sheldon: Oh, I forgot Sensational Spider-Man.
Scene: The comic book store.
 
Penny: Oh, what a cute, little store. Everybodys staring at me.
Leonard: Dont worry, theyre more scared of you than you are of them.
Penny: Unlikely. Here, what about this one for my nephew?
Sheldon: A superb choice.
Penny: Oh, great.
Sheldon: Yeah, provided he has already read Infinite Crisis and 52, and is familiar with the re-establishment of the DC multiverse.
Penny: Whats a multiverse?
Sheldon: Get her out of here.
Leonard: Come on, Ill help you pick something.
Raj: Thats right. Shes with us. Guys like that are so pathetic.
Howard: Tell me about it. Look, a new Batman belt buckle.
Store clerk: Oh, hey, Leonard. Can I help you find something?
Leonard: Oh, hey, Stuart. This is Penny. Shes looking for some comic books.
Stuart: Oh, really. Blink twice if youre here against your will.
Leonard: I think were fine, Stuart.
Stuart: Let me know if you need anything.
Penny: Thanks. He seems like a nice guy.
Leonard: You mean for someone whos into comic books?
Penny: No, no, no, I just meant for yeah.
Leonard: Penny, just because people appreciate comic books doesnt make them weirdos. Stuarts a terrific artist. He went to the Rhode Island School of Design.
Penny: What about the guy over there in the superhero T-shirt tucked into his sweatpants?
Leonard: Ah, yeah, thats Captain Sweatpants. He doesnt really help the point Im trying to make.
(Howard and Sheldon are looking through a rack of comic books. Each says Got it in turn as they look past each book until they eventually reach the one in the middle when they both together grab the book and shout Need it!)
 
Howard: Let it go, Sheldon.
Sheldon: Why should I let it go? I saw it first.
Howard: Yes, but I saw it from the front.
Sheldon: A far less impressive feat.
Howard: Oh, come on! I need this for my Batman collection.
Sheldon: I need it for my Robin collection.
Howard: Rock-Paper-Scissors-Lizard-Spock?
Sheldon: Why would I gamble? Its mine. Let go.
Howard: You let go.
Sheldon: No, you!
Leonard: Problem?
Sheldon: Yes, he wont let go of my comic book.
Howard: Its my comic book!
Sheldon: Leonard, we need a ruling.
Leonard: Uh, cut it in half?
Penny: Excuse me.
Stuart: Hello again.
Penny: Hi. What would you recommend as a present for a 13-year-old boy?
Stuart: A 13-year-old girl. But if youre dead set on a comic book, try this.
Penny: Oh, Hellblazer. Whats this about?
Stuart: A morally ambiguous confidence man who smokes, has lung cancer and is tormented by the spirits of the undead.
Penny: Well, if that doesnt make me the favourite aunt, I dont know what will. Is this me?
Stuart: Depends. Do you like it?
Penny: Its really good.
Stuart: Yes, thats you.
Penny: Thats so sweet, but what if I didnt like it?
Stuart: Itd still be you, but Id feel like an idiot.
Leonard: I dont believe it. Stuarts putting the moves on Penny.
Howard: I have got to learn how to draw. Hey!
Sheldon: Once again, defeated by your own prurient interests.
Raj: Guys, have you seen Stuart all up in Pennys business over there?
Leonard: Nobodys up in anybodys business, lets just buy our stuff and go.
Penny: Okay, youve got my number, now, give me the picture.
Stuart: You drive a hard bargain, but here.
Penny: All right. So, um, just give me a call.
Sheldon: So, Leonard, how are you enjoying Anything Can Happen Thursday?
Scene: The apartment. Sheldon has the comic book. 
 
Sheldon: Look at that, thats a dent. Thank you, Howard Ham-Fisted Wolowitz. Did you just shut the TV off in the middle of the classic Deep Space Nine/Star Trek The Original Series Trouble With Tribbles crossover episode?
Leonard: Apparently so.
Sheldon: Are you ill?
Leonard: No.
Sheldon: All right. Then is it fair to say that youre experiencing some sort of emotional turmoil over the events involving Penny earlier this evening?
Leonard: When did you pick up on that?
Sheldon: A moment ago, when you turned off the TV in the middle of }during the classic Deep Space Nine/Star Trek The Original Series Trouble With Tribbles crossover episode. Would you like some advice?
Leonard: Sure, why not?
Sheldon: Then, this is the perfect time to launch a blog with an interactive comments section.
Leonard: Gee, thanks a lot.
Sheldon: Would you rather I offer my personal insight?
Leonard: I dont need any insights. I just want to know why Pennys more interested in Stuart than me. Were practically the same guy.
Sheldon: Oh, I disagree. Stuart is taller, artistic, self-employed and, most significantly, he gets 45 percent off comic books.
Leonard: Youre right, I really should be asking strangers on the Internet.
Sheldon: My original point.
Scene: The stairs.
 
Sheldon: Chinese food, vintage video games. After the nightmare of Anything Can Happen Thursday, this is Friday night the way it was meant to be.
Howard: Whos up for Sheldon-Free Saturday?
Penny (coming out of apartment): Oh, hey guys.
Leonard: Hey, Penny and Stuart, hey Stuart.
Stuart: Hey, guys.
Howard: So what are you kids up to?
Penny: Uh, Stuart has a piece in an art show thats opening tonight.
Leonard: And you guys are going together, great
Stuart: It is great. Really great. Freaking awesome. What are you guys doing?
Penny: Its Friday night, that means Chinese food and vintage video games, right?
Sheldon: Vintage doesnt even begin to describe what we have planned. Tonight, we are playing the classic 1980 interactive text adventure, Zork. Its the buggy beta version.
Penny: Wow, Zork. Well, you guys have fun.
Stuart: Yeah, see you guys.
Howard: See you, Stuart.
Leonard: Hey, Howard?
Howard: Yes.
Leonard: Take me to a bar with women.
Howard: Really?
Leonard: Yeah.
Howard: Okay! Let me just go inside and slip off my underwear.
Leonard: Why?
Howard: Well, if I get lucky, I dont want to be caught in my Aquaman briefs.
Leonard (to Raj): Do you? (Raj checks his underwear) Lets go.
Scene: A bar.
Raj: May I have a grasshopper with a little umbrella, please?
Howard: No, he may not.
Raj: Why?
Howard: Im not sitting here with a guy drinking a grasshopper with a little umbrella.
Raj: Fine. Ill have a chocolate martini.
Howard: Wrong again!
Raj: Come on, you know I cant talk to women unless Im lit up like the Hindu festival of Diwali.
Howard: Look, there are plenty of bars in Los Angeles where you can order grasshoppers and chocolate martinis, but you wouldnt have to because there are no women in them.
Raj: Gotcha. Ill have a Brandy Alexander.
Howard: All right, the Three Musketeers just became the Dynamic Duo.
Leonard: Should we talk to some of these women?
Howard: Its way too early in the night for that. See, first we let the lawyers and the jocks thin the herd, and then we go after the weak and the old and the lame.
Leonard: Thats your system?
Howard: Thats my system. Oh, and if you spot a chick with a Seeing Eye dog, shes mine.
Scene: The stairwell.
Penny: Oh come on. I think its nice that Captain Sweatpants showed up to your art opening.
Stuart: Yeah, it would have been nicer if he hadnt touched all the cheese.
Penny: Um, you know, its kind of early. Do you want to maybe come in for some coffee or something?
Stuart: Oh, gee, its a little late for coffee, isnt it?
Penny: Oh, you think coffee, means coffee, that is so sweet. Come on, I think I have decaf.
Sheldon: Oh, good, Stuart, I thought I heard your voice. Do you have a moment?
Stuart: Uh, yeah, I guess.
Penny: Sheldon, were a little busy here, so
Sheldon: What are you doing?
Stuart: Were having coffee.
Sheldon: Isnt it a little late for coffee?
Stuart: Its okay. She thinks she has decaf.
Penny: Ill just go look for it.
Stuart: Whats up?
Sheldon: Well, Ive spent the last three hours in an online debate in the DC Comics Batman chatroom, and I need your help.
Stuart: Oh yeah. Those guys can be very stubborn. Whats the topic?
Sheldon: I am asserting, in the event that Batmans death proves permanent, that original Robin, Dick Grayson, is the logical successor to the Bat Cowl.
Stuart: Ooh, Sheldon, Im afraid you couldnt be more wrong.
Sheldon: More wrong? Wrong is an absolute state and not subject to gradation.
Stuart: Of course it is. Its a little wrong to say a tomato is a vegetable, its very wrong to say its a suspension bridge. But returning to the original issue, Dick Grayson became Nightwing, a superhero in his own right. Batman 2 has to be the second Robin, Jason Todd.
Sheldon: Has to be? Has to be? I hope youre being deliberately provocative.
Penny: I found the decaf!
Stuart: Oh, great!
Sheldon: Yeah, herbal tea for me, please.
Scene: The bar.
Raj: Barkeep! Alexander me.
Leonard: How about those two?
Howard: Nah, theyre eating peanuts, and my allergies, one kiss would put me in Cedar-Sinai for a week.
Leonard: What about the ones in the corner?
Howard: Possible, very possible. Do you want the one in the whiplash collar or the one who keeps blinking?
Leonard: I think Blinkys cute.
Howard: You got it, sir.
Leonard: Wait, so we just go over there?
Howard: No, we have a little prep work to do. Put this in your mouth. We walk past them, you stumble a bit. I say, sorry, my friends had a little too much, and then I start to pull it out of your mouth and say, a little too much fun. Get it? I mean, theyre laughing, were laughing, and then we get them up to about a .15 blood alcohol level, and tell them were millionaires.
Leonard: What else you got?
Howard: Depends. Are you willing to sit on my lap and pretend to be a ventriloquist dummy?
Leonard: No.
Howard: I cant sit on your lap, you dont know the routine.
Scene: Pennys apartment.
Stuart: Im sorry, but youre obviously stuck in a pre-Zero Hour DC universe.
Sheldon: Of course I am. Removing Joe Chill as the killer of Batmans parents effectively deprived him of his raison dtre.
Stuart: Okay, you can throw all the French around you want, it doesnt make you right.
Sheldon: Au contraire.
Stuart: Plus, youre forgetting that the Infinite Crisis storyline restored Joe Chill to the Batman mythology.
Sheldon: I am forgetting nothing and I resent your tone.
Stuart: Okay, look, Sheldon, its late and Ive got to get some sleep.
Sheldon: So, I win.
Stuart: No, Im tired.
Sheldon: So, I win.
Stuart: Fine. You win.
Sheldon: Darn tootin, I win.
Stuart: Penny, I really had a terrific time. Penny?
Sheldon: No, no, no, no, dont wake her. Shell maul you like a rabid wolverine.
Stuart: You know, I dont think that was decaf.
Scene: The bar.
Howard: Wait, is this your card or isnt it? Trust me, this was their card.
Leonard: I thought you were good at this. Youre always talking about how you go to bars and meet women.
Howard: I do, all the time.
Leonard: Well, what happened? Weve been sitting here all night and the longest conversation youve had with a woman was when your mom called.
Howard: Wow, youre just going to make me come out and say it, arent you?
Leonard: Say what?
Howard: Youre weighing me down. Im a falcon who hunts better solo.
Leonard: Fine. Ill sit here. You take flight and hunt.
Howard: Dont be ridiculous, you cant just tell a falcon when to hunt.
Leonard: Actually, you can. Theres a whole sport built around it. Falconry.
Howard: Shut up. Lets just get Koothrappali and go. (They turn to see Raj with his tongue down the throat of a larger lady by the bar.) Lucky bastard. Its got to be that stupid accent of his. (To a girl nearby) Hello. I am Sanjay Wolowitz from Bombay. Okay, Im stumped.
Scene: Rajs apartment. He wakes up clutched in the arms of the large lady. Tries to get away. She clutches him tighter. He shrugs and goes back to sleep. 
