Scene: The cafeteria.
Sheldon: Gentlemen, I think Ive come up with a fun way to get young people interested in science. Physics Mad-Libs. Now, give me a number.
Leonard: Five.
Sheldon: Uh-huh. And an irrational constant.
Howard: E.
Sheldon: And a funny Greek letter.
Raj: Gamma.
Sheldon: I said funny.
Raj: Upsilon?
Sheldon: Good one. And an electrical charge.
Leonard: Positive.
Sheldon: Ha. Perfect. Okay. Get this. Professor Jones told the symposium he had a new method for calculating the mass of a muon. Five times the limit of E to the upsilon as in a (laughs uncontrollably). Okay. No, no. Ill start over. Professor (laughs again)
Howard: I havent seen him laugh that hard since the day Leonard made that multiplication error.
Sheldon: Oh, Oh, Lord, that multiplication error! He thought he carried the one. But he didnt.
Leonard: Its not funny. That mistake got published.
Sheldon: Stop! Im going to wet myself!
Raj: Hey, guys, guys, President Siebert is headed this way.
Howard: I wonder what he wants.
Leonard: Doesnt look happy, so Im guessing he wants to talk to Sheldon.
Seibert: Dr. Cooper?
Leonard: Told ya.
Sheldon: Oh, President Siebert, I assume youd like to respond to one of the suggestions I put in the box by your office.
Seibert: No, and stop installing suggestion boxes everywhere.
Sheldon: You dont like written suggestions. You dont like when I give them to you while were urinating in the mens room. If I didnt know any better, Id say that youre one of those stubborn people who are not open to suggestions.
Seibert: Dr. Cooper, the physics department chair tells me youre refusing to take your vacation.
Sheldon: I dont need a vacation.
Seibert: Youre obligated to take one. And Id also like you to know the most-often received suggestion in my suggestion box you installed without asking me is can Dr. Cooper take a vacation? Okay, settled, then. Ill see you all on Monday, except for you.
Sheldon: But if I dont come into work, what am I supposed to do with myself?
Seibert: Read, rest, travel. I hear Afghanistan is nice this time of year.
Sheldon: Sarcasm?
Howard: No. You should go.
Credits sequence.
Scene: Leonards car. Leonard is singing enthusiastically.
Leonard: That tonights gonna be a good night, and tonights gonna be a good night, and tonights gonna be a good, good night! Tonights the night, uh, uh, lets live it up, uh, I got my money, lets spend it up
Sheldon (appearing in the back seat): Good Lord! Would you stop that caterwauling!
Leonard: What the hell are you doing?
Sheldon: Bleeding from my ears.
Leonard: What are you doing hiding back there?
Sheldon: Im sneaking into work. Now, if the guard at the university asks whats under the blanket, you tell him its some lobster traps.
Leonard: Lobster traps?
Sheldon: Yes. Thats how Velma and Scooby smuggled Shaggy into the old lighthouse.
Leonard: What are you going to do when you get to the university? People are going to recognize you.
Sheldon: Will they, Leonard? (Puts on cap and long-hair wig)
Leonard: Fine. Just get back under your blanket, and Ill drive you there.
Sheldon: And no more singing.
Leonard: Fine.
Sheldon: I have GPS on my phone. I know you turned around.
Scene: Pennys apartment.
Penny: Im so glad you talked Howard out of having your wedding invitations in Klingon.
Bernadette: Turn it over. Im hoping my relatives think its Hebrew.
Amy: This is really happening. Im gonna be a maid of honour. Im gonna wear a beautiful dress and walk down that aisle and, finally, I will have my special day.
Bernadette: You mean my special day?
Amy: Theyre gonna need an extra-large veil for somebodys head.
Bernadette: If I ever actually ever get married.
Penny: Why wouldnt you?
Bernadette: My dad. Because I make a lot more money than Howie, hes putting a lot of pressure on me to get a pre-nup.
Penny: Ouch.
Bernadette: Yeah. Howies gonna freak out.
Amy: Parental pressure can be daunting. I remember the battle with my mother about shaving my legs. Last year, I finally gave in and let her do it.
Bernadette: I just dont know how Im gonna break it to him.
Penny: You know, Im a big believer in breaking bad news to a guy when youre in bed with him. Thats how I told my high school boyfriend I slept with his brother. Thats how I told his brother the same thing.
Bernadette: I dont know, I dont want to manipulate him with sex.
Penny: Oh, sweetie, thats what sex is for.
Amy: You know, the connection between marriage and money is nothing new. In fact, the term wed referred to the money and livestock that the groom paid the brides father. For example, youre adorable, intelligent and a good earner. I could conservatively see you going for at least two oxen and a goose. (To Penny) You would fetch a unicorn.
Scene: The apartment.
Leonard: Sheldon, there are a million great vacations you could take. What about Hawaii?
Sheldon: Hawaii is a former leper colony on top of an active volcano where the disappointing ending to Lost was filmed. Mahalo for nothing, Hawaii.
Howard: How about Florida? Theyve got Cape Canaveral, theyve got Disney, theyve got my Aunt Ida and the worlds largest collection of diabetic candy. Plus, if you get sweaty enough, her plastic-covered furniture is like a flume ride.
Sheldon: My family took a trip to Florida when I was a child. A seagull stole a hot dog from me on the beach. I got the message.
Raj: You know, if I had a week off, Id go back to the Two Bunch Palms Resort and Spa in the desert. I tell you, an hour on the massage table with Trevor, and youll feel like you were born without bones.
Howard: I dont think I could ever let a guy give me a massage.
Raj: Really? What was I doing to your neck last night while you were playing X-Box?
Sheldon: Its like Im living in a dictatorship. You must take a vacation, you must have fun, you must enjoy life.
Howard: I dont think you have a good handle on dictatorships.
Leonard: Sheldon, everybody takes vacations.
Sheldon: One time they tried to make Richard Feynman take a vacation, but he chose instead to expand his mind and learn something new. He went to work in his friends biology lab. Richard Feynman was a famous American physicist, part of the Manhattan Project.
Howard: Everyone in the world of science knows who Richard Feynman was.
Sheldon: Now you do, too. Oh! I have a brilliant idea. Amys a biologist. Ill go work in her lab.
Howard: Isnt that just Feynmans idea?
Sheldon: Ten seconds ago, you never heard of him. Now youre an expert.
Scene: The hallway.
Leonard: Hey.
Penny: Hey, you.
Leonard: Is that your laundry? You only have, like, six things in there.
Penny: Yeah, I didnt have any quarters, so Ive been sneaking stuff into other peoples loads all day. Hey, if I tell you something, will you promise not to tell anybody?
Leonard: It doesnt matter what I say, youre gonna tell me anyway.
Penny: What? That is not true. Bernadette wants a pre-nup.
Leonard: Wow. Thats rough.
Penny: So youre saying if I became a famous movie star, we got married, you wouldnt sign a pre-nup?
Leonard: Absolutely not. If Im gonna be stuck at home with the kids while youre on location cheating on me with Ryan Gosling, then Leonard gots to get paid. So, you think about us getting married?
Penny: I think about a lot of things. I think about us getting married, I think about us breaking up. Once in a while, I think about how I didnt leave a note on that Mercedes I dinged in the parking lot last month, but then I have a glass of wine and it passes.
Leonard: Joke all you want, but you think about it.
Penny: Well, tell you one thing, if I ever do get married, no Klingon invitations.
Leonard: Good luck catching a man with that attitude.
Scene: Amys laboratory.
Sheldon: Boy, oh, boy. This vacation is off to a wonderful start. The smell of formaldehyde, the whir of the centrifuge, the distant chatter of lab animals being dispatched for dissection. Mm, I can already feel my cares just melting away.
Amy: Im excited to work with my boyfriend. Its gonna be romantic.
Sheldon: Way to kill the mood.
Amy: Come on, Sheldon. We can be like Marie Curie and her husband, Pierre, who spent their days working side by side, bathed in the glow of their love and the radium that ultimately killed her. Screw Beauty and the Beast, thats the love story Disney should tell.
Sheldon: Okay, what do we start with? Maybe splicing some genes, clone a sheep, perhaps grow a human ear on a mouses back? Ha-ha, Im a freak!
Amy: Oh, Im gonna be doing some brain stem histology while you put yourself on the business end of a sponge and wash those beakers.
Sheldon: Wash those bea Oh, I get it, a little hazing for the new fella. Yeah, Id better keep and eye out for, what, shoe polish on the microscope, or mad cow disease in my grilled cheese sandwich?
Amy: No, I just need those beakers washed. Hippity-hop, quick like a bunny.
Sheldon: What? Excuse me, you have Dr. Sheldon Cooper in your lab. Youre gonna make him do the dishes? Thats like asking the Incredible Hulk to open a pickle jar.
Amy: Sheldon, youve never worked in a lab like this before. You have no experience in the field of biology.
Sheldon: I have plenty of experience in biology. I bought a Tamagotchi in 1998. And its still alive. Lets do this.
Scene: The cafeteria.
Leonard: Wheres Howard?
Raj: No hi, Raj? No how are you, Raj? Just straight to wheres the other white guy?
Leonard: Im sorry. So, listen, I heard something about him. Can you keep it between us?
Raj: Ooh, gossip. When I first got here, I thought you Americans really gossiped around the water cooler. So I hung out there for, like, a month, but the only gossip I ever heard was about some creepy guy hanging out by the water cooler.
Leonard: Bernadette wants to get a pre-nup.
Raj: Oh, thats a shame, hes gonna be devastated.
Leonard: I never know what to do in these situations. Should I give him a heads-up?
Raj: Hmm. Im gonna give you the same advice I yell at the TV when the Bachelors handing out roses. Follow your heart.
Howard: Check it out. Look at the size of that Rice Krispie Treat. Same price.
Leonard: Hey, Howard, I need to tell you something.
Howard: I know, its not on my wedding diet. I dont care.
Leonard: Uh, listen, I heard that Bernadettes thinking about asking you for a pre-nup.
Howard: A pre-nup? Wow.
Leonard: What are you gonna do?
Howard: I dont know.
Raj: Follow your heart.
Howard: You know what, its not a big deal. She makes more money than me. She wants to protect her financial interests. Its completely reasonable.
Leonard; Good. Thats a healthy attitude.
Howard: Yeah, actually, its good for both of us. I have assets to protect, too.
Raj: Like what?
Howard: Ive got some rare comic books. The Vespas almost paid off. And Ma and I have a primo double cemetery plot at Mt. Sinai right near the guy who played Mr. Roper on Threes Company.
Raj: Mr. Ropers dead? You cant just spring that on a guy.
Scene: Amys laboratory.
Sheldon: Here you go. This is now the only lab with glassware washed by a man with two doctorates and a restraining order signed by Carl Sagan.
Amy: Soap spots. Wash em again.
Sheldon: Y-youre being ridiculous. Those are perfectly clean.
Amy: Sheldon, this beaker used to contain cerebral spinal fluid from an elephant that died of syphilis. If its, in fact, perfectly clean, drink from it.
Sheldon: Biologists are mean.
Later.
Amy: All right, perhaps this task will be a little bit more up your alley. I need you to count the bacteria spores on these petri dishes.
Sheldon: There was something wrong with that detergent. That was way too bubbly.
Amy: Im sure it was.
Sheldon: I intend to write that soap company a strongly worded letter.
Amy: Yeah, good for you. Now, start counting.
Sheldon: You know what this place needs? A suggestion box.
Later.
Sheldon: 366 367
Amy: Hows it going?
Sheldon: Hows counting going? When I was in kindergarten, I recited pi to a thousand places for the school talent show. I think I got this.
Amy: Great.
Sheldon: Aw, nuts! One
Later.
Sheldon: This is preposterous. I think youre giving me these tasks because youre afraid if you give me anything meaningful to do, Ill show you up.
Amy: Really? Is that what you think?
Sheldon: Yes, thats what I think. And Im super smart, so its probably true.
Amy: Hey, Ive been training in the field of neurobiology for 12 years. Youve been here for three hours, and youve spent one of them in the bathroom.
Sheldon: Im sorry. It takes me a while to get things going on an unfamiliar toilet.
Amy: Sheldon, Ive given you the simplest things to do, and you havent done one of them right.
Sheldon: Maybe thats because Im not being challenged. Its the same reason Einstein failed math.
Amy: Maybe the math was too bubbly for him.
Sheldon: You think youre doing science by cutting up that brain? They could do the same thing at any Quiznos. And theyd offer to toast it for me, too.
Amy: Okay, smart guy. Im about to remove the locus coeruleus, which is incredibly delicate work. Have at it.
Sheldon: All right. Im no stranger to a little gray matter. Locus coeruleus. Locus coeruleus.
Amy: Youre getting warmer, it is, indeed, in the brain. Hope your hands are steady. Its the width of a single hair. But this is just biology, so Im sure its no problem for a genius like you.
Sheldon: Its not. Ill have you know, in the field of physics, we work with particles so small, they make fat jokes about the locus coeruleus, i.e., when your locus coeruleus sits around the house, it sits around the house.
Amy: Oh, are we nervous, Dr. Cooper?
Sheldon: No. What you see is a man trembling with confidence. Does a locus coeruleus normally bleed that much?
Amy: No. But your thumb does.
Sheldon: Oh, dear. (Faints)
Amy: Yeah, youre a biologist.
Scene: The bar at the Cheesecake Factory.
Howard: What are you doing here?
Sheldon: Im on vacation. Social convention dictates that I let my hair down at a local watering hole. Social convention is stupid.
Howard: What happened to your thumb?
Sheldon: You know, I have ten fingers and ten toes. If I tell you a story about each one of them, well be here all day, lets just move on.
Barman: What can I get you?
Sheldon: Ah, seeing as Im on vacation, a pina colada seems appropriate. Extra pineapple slices, extra whipped cream, extra cherries, extra umbrellas, and, uh, hold the rum. Dont let me have too many of those.
Penny: Hey, what are you guys doing here?
Howard: Were grown men, we drink at bars.
Penny: No and no. Everything okay with you and Bernadette?
Howard: Oh, yeah, sure.
Penny: You and Amy? Good?
Sheldon: Oh, better than good.
Penny: You know those girls text me every detail of their lives as it happens.
Howard: Im not signing a pre-nup.
Penny: All right, Howard Wolowitz, listen up. You sign anything she puts in front of you, because you are the luckiest man alive. If you let her go, there is no way you can find anyone else. Speaking on behalf of all women, it is not gonna happen, we had a meeting. And you, a grown man fainting at the sight of a little blood.
Sheldon: Excuse me, this is a fairly substantial wound. (Removes plaster. Faints again)
Scene: Amys laboratory.
Sheldon: (Knock, knock, knock) Amy? (Knock, knock, knock) Amy? (Knock, knock, knock) Amy?
Amy: What do you want?
Sheldon: I was kind of hoping I could continue vacationing in your laboratory. After all, I did book the whole week.
Amy: Do you honestly think you can just waltz back in here after the way you behaved yesterday?
Sheldon: I was not myself. I had lost a lot of thumb blood.
Amy: Thats not an apology.
Sheldon: That is your opinion.
Amy: I want a real apology.
Sheldon: Im sorry that you werent able to
Amy: No.
Sheldon: That my genius
Amy: No.
Sheldon: That the soap was
Amy: Sheldon.
Sheldon: Fine. Sorry.
Amy: Youre forgiven. Now, if you want to stay, get started on those beakers. Theyre still dirty from yesterday.
Sheldon: Next year Im going to Epcot.
Scene: Bernadettes car.
Bernadette: Are you mad at me?
Howard: No. Im not mad at you. I just wish you would have come to me, so I didnt have to hear it through the nerd-vine.
Bernadette: So, what are we gonna do?
Howard: You really want me to sign a pre-nup?
Bernadette: I dont know. My dads pretty insistent on it, though.
Howard: Why dont I talk to your dad, man-to-man?
Bernadette: Really? Oh, thatd be so great.
Howard: Done.
Bernadette: I should probably give you a heads-up about a couple of things. Even though hes retired from the police force, he still carries his gun. But dont worry, he wont shoot it. Its more of a fashion statement.
Howard: Okay.
Bernadette: And just to be safe, when you talk to him, dont bring up Jimmy Carter, gardeners, foreign people, homosexuals, Sean Penn, Vatican II, gun control, organic food, the designated hitter rule, recycling or the fact that youre Jewish.
Howard: Got it, got it. Will you e-mail me that list?
Bernadette: So the thing to watch for, if hes shouting at you, youre okay, but if he starts to get real quiet, leave as quickly as you can without making eye contact. Not in a straight line, throw some zigs and zigs in there.
Howard: You know, this isnt that pressing. Why dont I talk to him about it in May.
Bernadette: In May youre gonna be on the International Space Station.
Howard: Theyve got a phone.
