Scene: A corridor at the university
Raj: It was a nice retirement party.
Howard: I guess. Still, its a shame Professor Rothman was forced to step down.
Leonard: What choice did the university have? He snapped. It happens to theoretical physicists all the time.
Howard: I wonder how long Sheldons got.
Sheldon: These shrimp are all the same size. Theres no the logical order to eat them in.
Leonard: Cant be very long.
Raj: Hey, look, theres Rothmans empty office. Sad.
Leonard: Yeah.
Sheldon: Mm, indeed.
Howard: So sad.
Sheldon: Dibs.
Kripke: Whats up, fewwas?
Sheldon: What are you doing here, Kripke?
Kripke: Ah, measuwing my new office for dwapes.
Sheldon: This is not your office. It hasnt been assigned yet.
Kripke: Well, I called dibs at the Chwistmas party when Pwofessor Wothman twied to have intercourse with the toys for tots cowwection box.
Sheldon: Dibs? This is a university, not a playground. Offices are not assigned because someone called dibs.
Leonard: You just called dibs.
Sheldon: Shut it. Offices are assigned by seniority. I arrived at the university first.
Kripke: I awwived at the office first. Im the pwoverbial earwy bird.
Rothman (entering, naked): Gentlemen.
All: Professor Rothman.
Rothman: Good evening.
All: Good evening.
Raj: Im glad that men are wearing hats again. Theyre so distinguished.
Credits sequence.
Scene: Pennys apartment.
Amy: I got you a little something.
Penny: A little something? Oh, it what, this is huge.
Amy: Whats huge is what youve done for me.
Penny: Oh, no, Amy, I havent done anything.
Amy: No, no, before I met you, I was a mousy wallflower. But look at me now. Im like some kind of downtown hipster party girl. With a posse, a boyfriend and a new lace bra that hooks in the front, of all things. Open it. Open it.
Penny: Okay. (Opens parcel to find a huge and not at all flattering painting of Penny and Amy)
Amy: I wanted to get you something you didnt have.
Penny: Wow. I-I dont know what to s Wow.
Amy: Do you like it?
Penny: Do I like it? Wow.
Amy: So, uh, where are you gonna hang it?
Penny: Oh, my God. Hang it. Wow. Um, you know, Id have to go get a hook and nails and a hammer and
Amy: No problem.
Penny: Oh, look. You, huh, you just, you got it all right there. Wow.
Scene: A bathroom at the university.
Sheldon: I found him. Hes in the bathroom. President Siebert?
Siebert: Cant this wait?
Sheldon: Im sorry. We just need a word.
Siebert: Now? You realize Im your boss, and I am holding my penis?
Kripke: Sheldon, give the man some pwivacy. Im sowwy. This guys got no wespect for boundawies.
Siebert: What do you want?
Kripke: Will you tell this wunatic that Pwofessor Wothmans office is wightfully mine?
Siebert: Cant you take this up with your department chairman?
Sheldon: We tried. His assistant said he was on sabbatical. Although we distinctly heard his office window open and shut.
Siebert: Gentlemen, theres a task Im trying to accomplish here, and Im having trouble doing it.
Sheldon: Oh, my. President Siebert, I dont mean to be an alarmist, but difficulty initiating a urine stream could be a symptom of benign prostatic hyperplasia. If youre interested, I can send you a link to a YouTube video thatll show you how to perform your own rectal exam. Yeah, uh, helpful hint, trim your nails first.
Kripke: Ignore him, Pwesident Siebert. Im sure a young man such as yourself has a perfectwy healthy pwostate.
Sheldon: Oh, hes just trying to butter you up. And for the record, butter is an excellent lubricant for your rectal exam.
Siebert: Gentlemen, Im going to allow the two of you to work this out because A, youre both brilliant scientists, and B, as far as who gets Rothmans office, I couldnt give the furry crack of a rats behind.
Kripke: Well, as wong as were here, I might as well take a weak.
Sheldon: Kripke?
Kripke: Yes?
Sheldon: Youre in my spot.
Scene: Pennys apartment.
Bernadette: That is big.
Penny: So big.
Bernadette: And ugly.
Penny: So ugly. What am I gonna do?
Bernadette: I dont know. You cant take it down. Youll break her heart. Look at that face. That enormous, unsettling, crazy face.
Penny: Is there any chance Ill learn to love it?
Bernadette: That depends. Do you like pictures of yourself where you look like a man?
Penny: All right, its got to go.
Bernadette: What will you tell Amy?
Penny: How about I tell her the painting makes you feel jealous because youre not in it?
Bernadette: Nuh-uh. What if she gets me one? I already have a picture of me and Howards mom getting our hair cornrowed in Venice Beach. Ive suffered enough.
Penny: Well, I guess I could take it down and put it up when she comes over, but its kind of heavy.
Bernadette: Mmm, too bad youre not as strong as the dude in the painting.
Scene: The apartment.
Raj: Would you look at this? I paid twenty five dollars to some kid on eBay for a handcrafted Harry Potter wand. He sent me a stick. He went into his backyard, he picked up a stick.
Howard: Its numbered.
Raj: Ooh, limited edition. Nice.
Sheldon (knock on door): Oh, thatll be Kripke.
Leonard: Whats he doing here?
Sheldon: Were going to work this office situation out like gentlemen. And if that doesnt work, Im going to poison his tea.
Kripke: Cooper.
Sheldon: Kripke. Come in. Im making tea. Would you like a cup?
Kripke: Am I weawing a summer fwock? No, I dont want tea. Wets get down to bwass tacks.
Sheldon: Fine. In the interest of preserving our friendship
Kripke: Were not fwiends.
Sheldon: Well, thats a little hard to hear, but all right. As you know, the essence of diplomacy is compromise. With that in mind, I propose the following. I will take Rothmans office, and you will find a way to be okay with that.
Kripke: How about I take Wothmans office, and you go suck a wemon?
Sheldon: You sure I cant get you that cup of tea?
Raj: How about you decide this with Rock-Paper-Scissors-Lizard-Spock?
Kripke: What the fwig is that?
Sheldon: Rock-Paper-Scissors-Lizard-Spock was created by Internet pioneer Sam Kass as an improvement on the classic game Rock-Paper-Scissors. All hail Sam Kass.
All: Hail.
Kripke: How does it work?
Sheldon: Oh, its very simple. Scissors cuts paper, paper covers rock, rock crushes lizard, lizard poisons Spock, Spock smashes scissors, scissors decapitates lizard, lizard eats paper, paper disproves Spock, Spock vaporizes rock, and as it always has, rock crushes scissors.
Kripke: Im sowwy. Can you wepeat that?
Sheldon: Well, of course. Scissors cuts paper, paper covers rock, rock crushes lizard, lizard poisons Spock, Spock smashes scissors, scissors decapitates lizard, lizard eats paper, paper disproves Spock, Spock vaporizes rock, and as it always has, rock crushes scissors.
Kripke: Almost got it. One more time.
Sheldon: Surely. Scissors cuts paper, paper covers rock, rock
Howard: Sheldon, stop. Hes screwing with you.
Sheldon: Is he? Well, then, it seems we have reached an impasse. I see no other option than to challenge you to a duel. Id smack you with a glove, but just last week I packed away my winter things.
Howard: Its the 21st century. You cant have a duel.
Leonard: H-h-h-hang on, Howard. Barry, how good of a shot are you?
Sheldon: Not pistols. Minds. A trivia contest, and you may choose the field of battle. Star Trek trivia, Star Trek: Next Generation trivia, Star Trek: Deep Space Nine trivia, Star Trek: Voyager trivia, or model trains.
Kripke: You have a compwete advantage in twivia. You have an eidetic memowy. Pwus, I havent watched Star Twek since I discovered the stwip cwub near my apartment has a fwee buffet.
Leonard: Its gonna be hard to find something youre both equally good at.
Raj: Is there anything youre both equally bad at?
Both: Sports.
Scene: A basketball court.
Leonard: All right, this is one-on-one. First person to five wins the office. Any questions? Yes, Sheldon?
Sheldon: Five what?
Leonard: Balls in the basket. (Throws ball to Sheldon)
Sheldon (dodging out of the way): Ew!
Later. Sheldon dribbling ball, approached Kripke, throws it wildly at a pile of mats in the corner.
Kripke: Its out, wight?
Later. Kripke, dribbling ball, watched by Sheldon, dribbles it all the way into the back wall.
Kripke: Time. Wan out of woom.
Leonard: You know all those terrible things bullies used to do to us?
Raj: Yeah.
Leonard: I get it.
Later. Kripke chases ball across room chased by Sheldon. Sounds of collision. Sheldon chases ball back across the room chased by Kripke.
Later. Ball hits Sheldon in back of head.
Sheldon: Hey! He did that on purpose,
Leonard: No, he didnt. Nothing thats happening here is being done on purpose. Okay, uh, forget one-on-one. Lets try a free throw contest. First person who makes a basket wins the office.
Kripke: Making it too easy there, Hofstadter.
Leonard: No. No, Im not.
Sheldon: Use the force, Sheldon. Use the force. (Throws ball. It goes about two feet in front of him.) Im gonna need more force.
Kripke: Aw wight, Cooper, pwepare to have your heart bwoken. (Throws ball up. It hits the ceiling and doesnt come down.) Do I get points for that?
Later. A trampoline has been added. Sheldon tries first, ball hits backboard, bounces back in his face. Kripke tries next, with a run up, ends up crashing into the back wall again.
Later.
Leonard: All right, we gave it 45 minutes. Its no longer funny. Lets try something else.
Sheldon: What do you propose?
Leonard: Uh, on the count of three, both of you bounce the balls as hard as you can. The highest bounce wins the office.
Kripke: Oh, you are going down, Cooper.
Sheldon: I dont think so, Kripke. Ive bounced many a rubber ball in my day.
Leonard: All right, thats enough trash talk. One, two, three.
Howard: Sheldon was higher.
Leonard: Congratulations, Sheldon. You win office.
Sheldon: Whos unsatisfactory in P.E. now?
Scene: Pennys apartment.
Amy: Oh, what a great movie.
Penny: I cannot believe youve never seen Grease.
Amy: My mother didnt allow me to watch it. She was afraid it might encourage me to join a gang.
Bernadette: Ive got to go. Ive got to get up early. My companys testing a new steroid that supposedly doesnt shrink testicles, and the last one there has to do the measuring.
Amy: I guess I should get going, too. Good night, painting Penny. Good night, real Penny.
Penny: Good night, real Amy.
Amy: You dont have to say good night to painting Amy, cause shes never leaving.
Bernadette: Good night, real Penny.
Penny: Bye.
Bernadette: Good night, transvestite Penny.
Penny: Ah, okay. Let us take you off the wall. Out of sight, out of mind. I wish.
Amy (entering): You know, can I borrow that movie? Those singing hooligans really got my motor running.
Penny: Sure, sure. Enjoy. I mean, get it back to me when you can, or, you know what, actually, you keep it. Its just going to be my gift to you. Bye.
Amy: Thank you. Wait. Whered the painting go?
Penny: Its right over there.
Amy: Why?
Penny: I have no idea. That is weird.
Amy: You hate it.
Penny: No. No, no. Its just, its a little big.
Amy: I feel like an idiot.
Penny: No, come on, youre not an idiot. Look, just help me put it back up.
Amy: Why? So you can just take it down when I leave? I dont need your pity.
Penny: Oh, Amy, come on.
Amy: Im just glad I didnt go for the sculpture.
Scene: Rothmans office.
Sheldon: Ah, the spoils. I see why victors love them.
Raj: Im happy for you, Sheldon. But I have to admit Im going to miss sharing an office with you.
Sheldon: Oh, of course you are. Feel free to drop by any time.
Raj: Thank you.
Sheldon: Yeah. Call first. (Pushes him out. Closes door. Rothman is standing naked behind it.)
Rothman: Oh. Hello.
Sheldon: Professor Rothman. This isnt your office any more. Youre retired.
Rothman: I think the word youre looking for is invisible.
Scene: Amys apartment.
Penny: I came to say Im sorry.
Amy: Dont bother.
Penny: Oh, Amy, please.
Amy: Im so humiliated. I sat there the whole time that we were watching Grease, thinking you liked the painting.
Penny: I know.
Amy: I was a fool from Summer Lovin to the very last rama lama lama ke ding a de dinga a dong.
Penny: Youre right. Youre absolutely right. I should have been honest with you and told you the gift was too much.
Amy: Yes, too much. Because our friendship is fundamentally asymmetrical. I clearly like you more than you like me.
Penny: I dont think you can put a number on how much one person likes another.
Amy: I bought you a painting thats 12 square feet in area. Theres a number.
Penny: Amy, come on
Amy: If you dont like feet, you can try dollars. The painting set me back three grand.
Penny: Three gr Oh, my God! Look, look, Amy, all you need to know is, you are my friend and I dont want to lose you out of my life.
Amy: Im sorry, Im just having trouble believing you right now.
Penny: Grab your hammer.
Amy: No. Damage is done.
Penny: Okay, look, I didnt want to say this, but the real reason I took the painting down was because it made Bernadette very jealous.
Amy: Oh, my goodness, how could I have not seen that? The painting is a constant reminder that of the three of us, she is the least cool.
Penny: Yeah, th-th-th-thats what it is, so
Amy: You have such a good heart.
Penny: Huh, I try.
Amy: Come on.
Penny: Well where are we going?
Amy: Were going to go put this painting back up in your apartment.
Penny: Well, what about Bernadette?
Amy: Oh, screw her. Shes just lucky we let her hang out with us.
Scene: Rothmans office. Sheldon is trying to affix paper over a fiercely blowing air vent.
Leonard: What are you doing?
Sheldon: Im trying to raise the temperature in here before my nipples tear through my shirt.
Howard: Why dont you just turn up the thermostat?
Sheldon: Aha! Good question. It turns out the thermostat for my new office isnt in my new office. No. Its next door, in Professor Davenports office, who is currently enjoying the hot flashes associated with menopause.
Leonard: Why is there a hole here?
Sheldon: Why is there a hole in my new office? Ive narrowed it down to two possibilities: There was something in the wall that someone outside the wall wanted, or the more disturbing, there was something in the wall that wanted out.
Raj: Well, at least you finally got a window that opens. Thats nice.
Sheldon: Is it? Listen.
Raj: What, you dont like wind chimes?
Sheldon: No, I hate them, but it gets worse. There it is.
Howard: The bird?
Sheldon: Yeah, Its completely out of tune with the wind chimes.
Raj: So?
Sheldon: You dont get it, do you? Thats a mockingbird. Mockingbirds can change their song, which means hes out of tune on purpose. Hes mocking me. Oh dear. There it is again. Do you feel it?
Howard: The growing realization that you are one wacky bastard? Yep.
Sheldon: No. The vibration. We are directly underneath the geology lab, and theyre running their confounded sieve shakers again. Hey, gravel monkeys, if you need to shake rocks, try jiggling your heads around!
Leonard: Sheldon, relax.
Sheldon: How can I relax? My nervous system is being stretched out like the strings of a harp and plucked by holes and birds and wind and the low-hanging scrotum of the difficult-to-evict Professor Rothman.
Leonard: If youre not happy, why dont you just let Kripke have the office?
Sheldon: What, and let him win? Do I look crazy to you? Were trying to think down here, you geode-loving feldspar jockeys! (To the bird) And you, the notes are C, D, E, G and A. You pick one or I am chopping down that tree!
Scene: Pennys apartment.
Penny: Hows that?
Amy: Little higher on the right.
Penny: Now?
Amy: Little more. No. Thats got it.
Penny: Yeah, okay. Thats, uh, thats good.
Amy: Ill let you in on a little secret.
Penny: Mm.
Amy: Originally we were painted nude. But I had him add clothes, cause I thought it was an unnecessary challenge to our heterosexuality.
Penny: Yeah, good call.
Amy: But if you ever change your mind, all it would take is some warm, soapy water and a couple of sponges.
Penny: Youre talking about the painting, right?
Amy: Sure.
Scene: Rothmans office. Sheldon has his head stuck in the hole in the wall.
Sheldon: Help! Somebody help!
Leonard: What happened?
Sheldon: I was trying to see what was in here and my head got stuck.
Leonard: Why would you do that?
Sheldon: Its called scientific curiosity. Now go get butter.
Leonard: Hang in there. Ill be right back. (Takes out phone and takes a photo. Sits down and starts posting it online.)
