Scene: The Cheesecake Factory
Penny: Hey. So you guys ready to order?
Sheldon: Since we come in every Tuesday night at six oclock and order the same exact thing, and its now six oh eight, I believe your question not only answers itself but also stands alongside such other nonsensical queries as who let the dogs out? and, uh, How are they hanging?
Penny: Okay. So, the usual, with extra spit on Sheldons hamburger.
Amy: Penny, a moment? Do you have plans this weekend?
Penny: Oh, gee, Amy, Im sorry, Im actually pretty busy this weekend.
Sheldon: Probably serving food that was ordered today.
Amy: Thats too bad. I was hoping you could be my plus-one at the Institute of Interdisciplinary Studies symposium on the impact of current scientific research on societal interactions.
Penny: The what?
Leonard: Its an annual science conference. Weve all been invited to speak.
Penny: Oh. Oh, okay, well, you know, like I said, I have plans, so.
Amy: Shame. Since youre my best friend, I thought it would be a good bonding opportunity.
Penny: Im your best friend?
Amy: Dont you read my blog?
Penny: Oh, dont feel bad. I never read Leonards, and I used to sleep with him.
Amy: Do you know anybody else who would appreciate an all-expense-paid spa weekend at a four-star resort in Big Sur?
Penny: No, I really, Im sorry, free what? Sorry, what, what?
Leonard: I think her weekend just opened up.
Penny: Wait, wait, just to be clear, when you guys say spa, does that mean the same thing as when regular people say it?
Leonard: Pretty much. Except we keep our shirts on in the sauna.
Penny: You know, it is going to be difficult, but Im going to cancel my plans so I can do this for my bestie.
Amy: Please dont touch my breasts.
Penny: I, I wasnt going to.
Amy: All right. I just want to establish boundaries.
Penny: Boy, this is great. I havent had a vacation in ages.
Sheldon: In order to take a vacation, one first has to work.
Penny: You know, for a smart guy, you really seem to have a hard time grasping the concept, dont piss off the people who handle the things you eat.
Amy: That does seem to be a valid principle.
Sheldon: I trust Penny will adhere to the Official California Restaurant Workers Solemn Oath of Ethics and Cleanliness.
Amy: I dont believe theres any such thing.
Sheldon: You lied to me?
Credits sequence.
 
Scene: The apartment.
 
Sheldon: Good morning. If I could have everyones attention, please? I know were all eager to get on the road to Big Sur, so if we focus, Im sure we can get through this orientation in under a half an hour. Then its just Q&A, quiz, safety drills, pose for commemorative group photo and were off.
Leonard: Dont worry. Just sit next to me during the quiz, and you can copy my answers.
Sheldon: Raj? What are you doing? I dont think so. Youve had your allotted six ounces. The first bathroom break isnt until the Dennys located near Bakersfield, which is approximately two and half hours away. Remember, people, were only as strong as our weakest bladder.
Howard (after Raj whispers to him): Nobody cares about your Kegel exercises.
Sheldon: All right. We have seven people, and two cars. In the lead car, driven by Leonard, will be myself, Amy Farrah Fowler and Penny.
Amy: Yes! He had you in the other car, but I got you upgraded.
Penny: Yay!
Sheldon: She made the case that if we break down in the middle of nowhere, your Nebraska backwoods skills and brawny hands will give us the best chance to survive in the wild.
Penny: Brawny?
Leonard: Theyre bigger than mine.
Scene: Leonards car. 
Sheldon: Red Leader to Red Five, come in. Red Leader to Red Five, come in. Howard, you promised.
Howard (voice): Fine. Red Five to Red Leader. What do you want now?
Sheldon: Its eleven fifteen. Im requesting your quarter-hourly location update.
Howard: Still right behind you.
Sheldon: Copy that, Red Five. Radio contact is sufficient. No need to extend your middle finger.
Penny: So, Amy, Ive been wondering, are you and Sheldon going to be sharing a room?
Amy: No, we discussed it. We decided we didnt want to jeopardize our relationship by getting to know each other too well.
Sheldon: Indeed. Nothing sours a friendship more than over-familiarity with someones toilet routine.
Leonard: I can vouch for that.
Penny: Hey.
Leonard: Not you, him.
Penny: Oh. Thanks.
Leonard: Although yours was an eye-opener.
Amy: Dont worry, Penny. Youre my plus-one. Youll bunk with me. And FYI, travel makes me constipated, so Im the ideal hotel roommate.
Penny: Terrific. Are we there yet?
Scene: Bernadettes car. 
Bernadette: I hope we get there in time to see the keynote address.
Howard: Really? You want to see the keynote?
Bernadette: Yeah, it sounds fun. Super bacteria: global apocalypse or exciting research opportunity?
Howard: Actually, I was thinking we could go straight to the room and take a nap.
Bernadette: Really? And miss the keynote?
Howard: We can watch it later on C-SPAN. Besides, I was really looking forward to you and me napping together in the hotel.
Bernadette: Well honey, if youre that tired, why dont you just take a nap here in the car?
Howard: No, see, its not
Bernadette: Hang on. Its Leonard. Hi, Leonard.
Leonard (voice): Yeah, hi. Listen, I just got a text from Raj. He wanted me to tell you that when Howard says nap, he means sex.
Bernadette: Oh. Thank you, Raj.
Scene: Leonards car. 
Leonard: Are you an element in the actinoid series?
Sheldon: No. Amy?
Amy: Are you usually radioactive when found in nature?
Sheldon: No.
Amy: Are you in the lanthanoid series?
Sheldon: Amy, its Pennys turn. Penny?
Penny: Uh, I dont know. Are you food?
Sheldon: Thats not apropos. Weve already established Im found in the periodic table.
Penny: Well, its a table, right? I mean, why cant there be food on it?
Sheldon: I knew she wasnt lead car material.
Penny: Who elected you Road Trip God?
Sheldon: Leonard.
Leonard: It was a late-night vote. We were all exhausted, and he was threatening to filibuster. Its not technically Road Trip God, its Travel Supervisor.
Sheldon: Although Road Trip God does have a certain ring to it.
Penny: I dont understand why you people just let him bully you like this. Someone should stand up to him. Whats he going to do?
Scene: Bernadettes car. 
Penny: I cant believe you let him kick me out of the car.
Howard: What could we do? Hes the Travel Supervisor.
Bernadette: Dont worry, Penny. This is a better car anyway.
Howard: Yeah. Its the Love Car.
Penny: Should I ask?
Bernadette (singing): They say were young and we dont know, we wont find out until we grow.
Howard (singing): Well, I dont know if all thats true, cause you got me, and, baby, I got you.
Together (singing): Babe, mm da-da, da-da, da-da, I got you, babe, da-da, da-da, da-da, I got you, babe
Penny: Red Leader, Im really sorry.
Scene: The hotel. 
Howard and Bernadette (singing): I got you, babe.
Amy: I missed you.
Penny: You know what? I missed you, too.
Very tall and powerfully built man: Bernadette?
Bernadette: Oh, my God, Glenn!
Glenn: Great to see you!
Bernadette: Are you here for the conference?
Glenn: Yeah, Im doing a global warming panel.
Bernadette: Oh, good for you. Uh, Glenn, this is my boyfriend Howard.
Glenn: Oh. Nice to meet you.
Howard: Hi. Ow. Hi.
Glenn: Youre a lucky man. Bernies a great gal.
Howard: Yes. Bernie sure is.
Glenn: Well, I got to run. The panels tomorrow morning. Its called, Remembering Snow: A Look Back.
Bernadette: Ill try to catch it.
Glenn: Oh, great. Bye.
Bernadette: Bye.
Howard: Hey, Bernie?
Bernadette: Yeah?
Howard: Please tell me hes your gay cousin.
Bernadette: No. He was one of my professors in college.
Howard: Oh! Thats a relief.
Bernadette: Then we went out for a year. Come on, lets check in, so we can take that nap.
Howard (after Raj whispers to him): No, its not necessarily proportional. Shut up!
Scene: Howards hotel room.
Howard: That green bag is Dr. Coopers. Heres an extra five. Make him wait. Oh. Right to the nap, huh? Okay? Uh, so, this Glenn guy. You say you went out with him for, like, a year.
Bernadette: Do we really need to talk about my old boyfriend now?
Howard: No. I guess not. What is he, like, six-four, six-five?
Bernadette: Six-seven.
Howard: Probably has a hard time finding a suit that fits.
Bernadette: Is something bothering you?
Howard: No. Its just
Bernadette: What?
Howard: Im just thinking. If you had sex with that guy, I mean, theres nothing I can do here that will make any kind of impact.
Bernadette: Howard, its not a contest. I love you. I want to be with you.
Howard: Yeah, great, love you, too, but, if it were a contest, I wouldnt have a chance, right?
Bernadette: You cant think that way.
Howard: Yep. Loser.
Bernadette: Howard, stop it.
Howard: Sorry. I just never figured that a guy like me going out with a girl like you would ever have to compete with a guy like that.
Bernadette: Wait a minute, a girl like me? Whats that mean?
Howard: Im I
Bernadette: Are you saying you dont think Im hot enough to go out with a guy like Glenn?
Howard: No! No, Im saying exactly the opposite.
Bernadette: Im too hot to go out with a guy like Glenn?
Howard: Yeah, lets go with that.
Scene: Amys hotel room.
Amy (exiting bathroom): Still nothing. Remind me to try again in an hour.
Penny: Will do.
Amy: So, girl talk?
Penny: Um, sure. What do you, what do you got in mind?
Amy: Do you subscribe to the Freudian theory of penis envy?
Penny: Um, I never really thought about it. Why?
Amy: Sometimes I think it might be nice to have one.
Penny: Really?
Amy: Not for sex, for convenience. You cant deny that, by comparison, our internal plumbing is extremely high maintenance.
Penny: Again, Ive never given it much thought.
Amy: We have time now. Think about it.
Penny (knock on door): Oh, good. Hey.
Bernadette: Can I stay here tonight?
Penny: Yeah. Why, what happened?
Bernadette: Howards a complete and total ass.
Penny: Oh, yeah, that. Come on in.
Bernadette: Thanks. Ill sleep on the floor.
Amy: Not necessary. Penny and I are perfectly comfortable sharing a bed.
Penny: We are?
Amy: Of course, were best friends.
Penny: Oh, right, right, the blog.
Amy: Word of warning, though. Im prone to night terrors, so if I wake up kicking and screaming, dont panic. Just pin me down and stroke my hair, and Ill be fine.
Scene: Leonards room. 
Penny: Hey, can I stay here tonight?
Leonard: Shh-shh-shh-shh. Sheldons asleep. Whats going on?
Penny: Well, Howards a complete and total ass, Bernadettes in my bed, and no matter how much you stroke Amys hair, she bites.
Leonard: What?
Penny: Never mind. Can I stay here or not?
Leonard: Uh, sure.
Penny: All right.
Leonard: So, how do you wanna do this?
Penny: Well, Im not getting in bed with him.
Leonard: Yeah, it is a little like getting into Draculas coffin.
Penny: Were just gonna have to make the best of this.
Leonard: Okay, when you say make the best of it.
Penny: Sleep.
Leonard: Right. So well just call the middle here the Neutral Zone.
Penny: The what?
Leonard: Star Trek. You know, the Neutral Zone between the Federation and the Romulan Empire.
Penny: Oh, okay. Just like old times.
Leonard: Of course, sometimes the Federation and the Romulans would enter the Neutral Zone to negotiate a temporary truce.
Penny: Sweetie, let me put this in a way youll understand. From the waist down, my shields are up.
Leonard: Got it, got it. We can do all kinds of stuff from the waist up, you know?
Penny: Go to sleep.
Leonard: Good night.
Sheldon: Please tell me youre not having coitus.
Penny: We are not having coitus.
Sheldon: Can you guarantee that it wont happen at any time during the night?
Penny: Yes.
Leonard: No.
Scene: Rajs room.
TV Announcer: Next on Turner Classic Movies, Bridget Joness Diary.
Raj: Oh, my God, Im crying already.
Sheldon: (Knock, knock, knock) Raj? (Knock, knock, knock) Raj? (Knock, knock, knock) Raj? I need to sleep here tonight.
Raj: Why?
Sheldon: Howard is a complete and total ass, Bernadette is in Pennys bed, Amy bites, and Penny may or may not have coitus with Leonard.
Raj: Okay. Come on in.
Scene: Leonards room. 
Penny: Leonard, are you asleep?
Leonard: No.
Penny: I really appreciate you letting me stay here tonight.
Leonard: Sure, no problem.
Penny: I know its kinda weird.
Leonard: True dat.
Penny: True dat?
Leonard: Ive gotten a lot more street since we broke up.
Penny: Right. Still mad at me about that?
Leonard: No. No, I understand. I got too intense, you had to back off.
Penny: Thank you.
Leonard: Ive gotten a lot better at that, you know. Ive dated four different women since we broke up and I didnt tell any of them that I loved them and wanted to have their babies.
Penny: Good for you.
Leonard: Okay, good night.
Penny: Good night. You know, maybe it wouldnt be the worst idea in the world to violate the Neutral Zone for just one night. Oh!
Raj: Hey, Leonard, Sheldon kicked me out of the room, gave me your key.
Leonard: Pennys here. (Raj whispers to him) No, we dont want to watch Bridget Joness Diary!
Scene: A conference room.
Sheldon: Good morning and welcome to Science and Society. Im Dr. Sheldon Cooper, BS, MS, MA, PhD, and ScD. OMG, right? Perhaps that joke was a little too hippie-dippy for this crowd. All right then, well begin with opening remarks. Miss Rostenkowski, would you like to start us off by discussing your assessment of sciences responsibility to society?
Bernadette: Sure. I think all branches of science have to move cautiously these days. Its not just giant nuclear weapons that can destroy the world. As a microbiologist, I can tell you even the tiniest organisms can still tear you a new one.
Howard: Interesting. I think what you might need to know about my colleague is that though she claims her field of interest is tiny organisms, she certainly has spent her fair share of time around what we can assume was pretty massive weaponry.
Bernadette: I think Mr. Wolowitz needs to keep in mind that the past is the past. But he should know that I am the kind of girl who could get all the giant missiles she wants.
Amy: Are we talking about women wanting penises? Because Id like to weigh in.
Sheldon: Dr. Koothrappali, would you care to join the conversation?
Raj: Certainly. Id like to raise two points. Number one, I think they are talking about penises. And number two, these mimosas are kicking my little brown ass.
Leonard: Id like to kick your little brown ass.
Raj: What did I do?
Leonard: Oh, I dont know. Maybe when you walk into a hotel room and you see a guy getting back together with his girlfriend, you should consider doing something other than crawling into the adjoining bed.
Raj: I did. You said no Bridget Jones.
Penny (voice): We werent getting back together! It was a one-time thing!
Sheldon: Excuse me. Were not taking comments or questions from the audience just yet.
Penny(voice): Oh, shut up, Sheldon!
Amy: Hi, bestie.
Penny(voice): Yeah, hi.
Sheldon: All right, why dont we see if we can bring this back to topic.
Howard: Let me ask you something, Bernie.
Sheldon: I guess not.
Howard: How would you feel if you met my ex-girlfriend and she was like Angelina Jolie?
Bernadette: Oh, come on, Howard, be realistic.
Howard: What, Im not hot enough for Angelina Jolie?
Raj: Id like to weigh in here. No.
Sheldon: All right, why dont we open it up to Q&A from the audience?
Penny (voice): Yeah, I have a question. Is there anybody who can get me the hell out of here and back to Los Angeles tonight?
Glenn (voice): Im driving back to L.A. tonight.
Bernadette: Um, Penny, thats Glenn. Glenn, thats Penny.
Leonard: No!
Scene: Bernadettes car. 
Sheldon (voice): Red Leader to Red Five. Red Leader to Red Five. Anybody up for a little game? I spy with my little eye, a nonferrous metal. (Howard throws walkie-talkie out of window)
Scene: Leonards car. 
Sheldon: Must be out of range.
Amy: Leonard, can I ask you a question?
Leonard: Sure.
Amy: Are you bothered by the fact that your former girlfriend left the symposium with what is probably the most beautiful man Ive ever seen in my life?
Leonard: No. Why do you ask?
Amy: Because were going 120 miles per hour.
Sheldon: All right, if no ones going to guess, I was spying the aluminium rims on the police car we passed a few miles back.
