Scene: The apartment.
Bernadette: I like your suit.
Penny: Oh, thanks. Got a couple new outfits for work.
Howard: How does it feel knowing your fiances job is to go out and flirt with doctors, looking like that, while you sit here, you know, looking like this?
Leonard: She doesnt flirt with doctors.
Penny: Yeah. Its all very professional.
Amy: You know when you bend over, I can see down your shirt?
Penny: Okay, good.
Bernadette: Speaking of new careers, how are things going with dark matter, Sheldon?
Sheldon: Oh, yeah, Id have to say its the most exiting time in the history of the field.
Bernadette: Oh. Whats going on?
Sheldon: I started doing it.
Raj: You know, the government funded the biggest experiment yet to detect dark matter.
Leonard: Yeah, Ive read about that, theyre sending research teams down into abandoned salt mines.
Raj: You know, Sheldon, if we apply to be one of those teams, we could be on the ground floor of something big, not just for theoretical physics but for astrophysics as well.
Penny: Wait, hang on, you guys are gonna work in a mine?
Sheldon: Why not?
Penny: You had a panic attack when we went through the car wash.
Sheldon: Perhaps the emotion youre referring to was shock at you having something cleaned.
Leonard: I think what Penny meant is, the thought of you two in a mine is kind of funny, its like a cat riding a Roomba.
Howard:If they get scared, theyll have those hats with the lights on them, cause down there its night-night all the time.
Bernadette: Maybe they could ride around in one of those mine carts that go ee-oo-ee-oo-ee-oo.
Leonard: Yeah, itll help them get away when they see a g-g-ghost.
Sheldon:Are they making fun of us?
Raj: Yup.
Sheldon: I miss the old days when I couldnt tell.
Credits sequence. 
Scene: Pennys apartment.
Leonard: So, one of my favourite video games of all time is called Shadow of the Colossus, and it was only for PlayStation 2, but then they came out with a new version for PS3 with better graphics. I finally got the chance to play it, and for some reason, it just wasnt as good as the first one. Or something about yoga.
Penny: Im sorry, I was thinking about work.
Leonard: Well, I was just saying that there was this video game
Penny: Yeah, thats when I started thinking about work. Uh, listen, Ive got some good news.
Leonard: Hmm.
Penny: This is for you.
Leonard: Huh. What is this?
Penny: Well, you know how they gave me the company car? Didnt make sense to have two, so I sold the other one.
Leonard: The one I gave you?
Penny: Yeah. And theres your money back, and now were even. How great is that?
Leonard: Uh, yeah.
Penny: What?
Leonard: Nothing.
Penny: Oh, come on, Leonard, I know the car was a thoughtful gesture and I really appreciate it, but it doesnt make sense to have both.
Leonard: Youre right.
Penny: What should I have done? Taken a picture of us in the car and put it in a pink frame with puffy paint around it that says best fianc ever?
Leonard: Doesnt sound that bad.
Penny: Well, good, because thats what I did.
Leonard: Aw, oh, thank you. That is so sweet.
Penny: Well, its not that sweet, I paid for the frame with your money and then got a massage.
Leonard: You know what, you dont have to give me this. You keep it.
Penny: Why?
Leonard: The car was a gift, it was something you needed. I was happy to help you out.
Penny: And I really appreciate it, but now I dont need it, so here you go.
Leonard: Well, this is silly, so you dont need the car, but you could use it to buy yourself something else, like a new purse to put all this money in.
Penny: Sweetie, I can buy my own stuff. I have a good job now.
Leonard: I know, and Im proud of you, but that doesnt mean I cant do something nice. Like this.
Penny: Okay, I dont want this to turn into a fight.
Leonard: I dont, either.
Penny: Great. Thank you. Can you pass the salt, please?
Leonard: Sure. In my mind, that broke the tension with comedy and led to sex.
Scene: Sheldons office.
Raj: Hey, Sheldon, you busy?
Sheldon: Im always busy. This mind is capable of advanced multitasking. You know, currently, Im attempting to solve the Penrose conjecture, Im composing my Nobel acceptance speech for when Ive solved the Penrose conjecture, and Im wondering how mermaids have babies.
Raj: Dont they lay eggs on a rock?
Sheldon: Now Ive got room for another thing. What do you want?
Raj: So, I did a little research on what the conditions are like in the mines, and the guys might be right, sounds pretty rough down there. For starters, its very humid, and about a hundred degrees.
Sheldon: Well, Im from Texas and youre from India, were no strangers to the fragrant armpit. Next.
Raj: Its also a live mine, so therell be dynamite explosions going off in the distance.
Sheldon: Yeah, I have a lactose intolerant roommate with a taste for ice cream. Next.
Raj: Oh, you have to be down there for 12 hours at a time.
Sheldon: Yeah? We have to be somewhere.
Raj: Well, theres no toilets, well have to do our business in a bucket.
Sheldon: So its settled, were not doing it.
Raj: Look, I get it, but before we pass up on an incredible opportunity, I was thinking about when Howard was training to go to space, they put him in a simulated environment.
Sheldon: Interesting. Youre suggesting that we recreate the conditions of the mine to see if we can handle it.
Raj: Exactly.
Sheldon: Very well.
Raj: So where should we do it?
Sheldon: Well, Ill just Google hot, dark and moist, see what comes up.
Raj: Uh, Sheldon
Sheldon: Oh, there, well, look, theres all kinds of videos.
Scene: Pennys apartment.
Leonard: Hey, you got a sec?
Penny: Hi. Sure.
Leonard: I was hoping we could talk about the money again.
Penny: Oh, sweetie, just forget about it.
Leonard: No, no, no, no, hear me out. I know things got a little weird last night.
Penny: Well, leaving an envelope full of cash on my dresser after sex would count as weird.
Leonard: Well, I think I came up with a pretty good solution.
Penny: Mm.
Leonard: Why dont we just put the money in a joint account? Itll be our first money together. We can use it for the wedding, the honeymoon, whatever.
Penny: You know what, thats great. I love that.
Leonard: Yeah, of course you do, Im not just a genius in bed. You sure are, baby.
Penny: You two want to be alone?
Leonard: I want you to know I get why you dont want the money, youve got this new job, youre excited about being financially independent, and I am nothing but proud of you.
Penny: Oh, thank you so much. It feels so good to hear you say that. And I want you to know that I get this job kind of changes the balance in our relationship, and Im trying to be sensitive to that.
Leonard: What?
Penny: Well, I just think that maybe youre a little hung up on the money because Im less reliant on you now, and thats a little scary.
Leonard: Hmm. Maybe. Or maybe I tried to do something nice and maybe you had a problem with it because of your control issues.
Penny: Control issues?
Leonard: Maybe.
Penny: Or, maybe now that Im no longer an out-of-work actress who cant pay for her own dinner, that makes you a little insecure.
Leonard: Well, I cant believe youd say that. You know how insecure I am about my insecurities.
Penny: You know what? Im sorry. Its stupid to fight over money.
Leonard: Yeah, Im sorry, too. Were about to share the rest of our lives together. Its our money, who cares who has it?
Penny: Ugh, Youre right, who cares? Mm. Get that money out of my back pocket or I will break your fingers.
Scene: The university basement.
Raj: Huh. All this time I never knew there were steam tunnels down here.
Amy: Most universities have them. When I was an undergrad, I spent three days in one pledging a sorority.
Raj: Did you get in?
Amy: No. They forgot I was there. But it really opened up my pores.
Sheldon: Well, according to my research, the steam tunnels below this access point should be the closest analog to the mines.
Raj: This is gonna be so much more accurate than the steam room at the gym.
Sheldon: Plus, theres almost no chance well see any of our coworkers half naked.
Raj: Or totally naked. I love Howard, but the dude needs a little shame.
Sheldon: All right, Amy, this walkie-talkie is yours. If we run into any problems, Ill contact you. And if anything bad happens, whats the rule?
Amy: Save you first; come back for Raj only if theres time.
Raj: Were going to be fine.
Amy: Sheldon, Im really impressed youre willing to try this.
Sheldon: Well, admittedly, this brushes up against my well-known aversions to heat, small places, going below floor-level, dampness, hatches, ladders, darkness, echoes, and eliminating in Home Depot buckets. That last one is quite new, but I have a feeling thats gonna rocket to the top of the list.
Raj: Im sweating already.
Sheldon: Yeah, as the person beneath you, allow me to say, I know.
Raj: How hot is it?
Sheldon: Uh, lets see. 704? No, wait, its on clock. Uh, the real answer isnt much better. 102 degrees.
Raj: Well, thats what we wanted. This is as hot as the mines will be.
Sheldon: True. Sheldons Mine Simulation Log, entry one. Koothrappalis restating of the obvious is already getting on my nerves.
Scene: Howard and Bernadettes apartment.
Leonard: Thanks again for having us.
Howard: Oh, of course. What did you guys want to talk about?
Penny: Well, you know, now that were engaged, we had some questions about how you handle money as a couple.
Bernadette: I told you they werent gonna ask us to swing with them.
Howard: I didnt think they were going to. I just wanted to have a way to say no without hurting Leonards feelings.
Leonard: Well, nailed it.
Howard: So what did you want to know?
Penny: Well, do you guys ever fight over money?
Bernadette: Sure, sometimes. I mean, it can be a little awkward since I make so much more money than Howie.
Howard: You didnt have to say so much more.
Bernadette: Well, I didnt have to, but for the sake of accuracy I felt that I should.
Howard: I brought a lot of significant assets into the relationship, too.
Bernadette: Like what? Your incomplete set of Star Trek collector plates?
Howard: For your information, I just bought the last one I needed on eBay.
Bernadette: Without asking me?
Howard: There were only three minutes left in the auction and it was a mint condition Scotty from a smoke-free home.
Bernadette: How much, Howie?
Howard: Not a lot.
Bernadette: How much?
Howard: Lets not talk about this in front of our friends.
Bernadette: Was it more or less than falconry school?
Howard: For the tenth time, that was a Groupon.
Leonard: Like I would swing with him.
Scene: The steam tunnel. 
Raj: How you feeling?
Sheldon: Good. Little claustrophobic.
Raj: Lets set up the equipment. Itll help take your mind off of it.
Sheldon: Miners often sang mining songs to keep their spirits up.
Raj: Do you know any mining songs?
Sheldon: Just the hits. (Singing) Where its dark as a dungeon, and its damp as the dew.
Rajj: Thats pretty.
Sheldon: Where the dangers are double, and the pleasures are few. Where the rain never falls and the sun never shines, yes, its dark as a dungeon way down in the mine.
Raj: Its a little more bleak than I thought.
Sheldon: Well, I pray when Im dead and the ages shall roll, that my body will blacken and turn into coal.
Raj: Getting kind of grim.
Sheldon: Then Ill look from the door of my heavenly home, and pity the miner that mines my poor bones.
Raj: Okay. How bout a little Miley Cyrus next?
Sheldon: Whos he?
Scene: Howard and Bernadettes apartment.
Howard: Talk about wasted money. What about the late fees on our credit card because somebody didnt pay the bill on time?
Bernadette: Well, maybe I would have paid it if I wasnt also doing everything else around here.
Howard: Oh, youre saying I dont do anything around here. Look at my chore chart.
Leonard: She made him a chore chart.
Penny: I see it.
Howard: Do the dishes. Theres a star right there.
Bernadette: That was a pity star. Putting water in the roasting pan and leaving it in the sink is not doing the dishes.
Howard: That pan had to soak and you know it.
Bernadette: Well, dont come crying to me when you dont get your allowance.
Howard: Its not an allowance. Its a stipend, and we said we werent gonna call it an allowance in front of my friends.
Leonard: I usually dont like lemon bars, but these, these are really good.
Scene: The steam tunnel. 
Raj: So, as Hannah Montana, Miley was a world-famous pop star. But then she would take off her wig and go to school like a normal girl. Which, I dont have to tell you, at that age, is its own headache.
Sheldon: Thats preposterous. How would she go unrecognized just by wearing a wig?
Raj: But youre okay with Superman concealing his identity with a pair of glasses?
Sheldon: He doesnt just put on a pair of glasses. He combs back his curlicue and affects a mild-mannered personality.
Amy (shouting): You guys doing okay down there?
Sheldon: I told you to use the walkie-talkie!
Amy (on walkie-talkie): You guys doing okay down there?
Sheldon: Please keep this channel clear for emergencies. Thank you.
Amy: Im going to the vending machine. Do you want anything?
Sheldon: This is a simulation. We have to survive on the supplies we brought.
Amy: Okay, just checking.
Raj: We should have asked her to get some Funyuns.
Sheldon: Youre not going to have Funyuns when were a mile below the surface of the Earth.
Raj: What if we brought them down with us?
Sheldon: Well take some Funyuns.
Amy: Anything else?
Sheldon: Some York Peppermint Patties, a couple of Dr. Peppers, and run to Best Buy and see if they have a portable DVD player and season one of a show called Hannah Montana.
Rajj: Have her get season two. Season one, it was still finding itself.
Scene: Howard and Bernadettes apartment. 
Bernadette: Sorry you guys had to see that.
Penny: Oh, dont apologize.
Leonard: Yeah. It just makes it a lot harder to pretend it never happened.
Bernadette: Moneys a sensitive subject for Howie because of the difference in our income.
Penny: It really bothers him?
Bernadette: Well, sure. Theres still a lot of pressure on guys to be providers. So even though hes happy for me, its just a little tough on him.
Penny: Uh-oh.
Leonard: What?
Penny: Well, if I do well in sales, I could end up making a lot more money than you.
Leonard: Not a problem. I grew up with a mother who emasculated my father financially and in every other aspect of his life, so really, its what I think love looks like.
Bernadette: Ill be right back. Im gonna go check on him.
Penny: Maybe its a good thing we came here. Its like a lesson in what not to do.
Leonard: Yeah I dont want something dumb like money to come between us.
Penny: It wont. Lets just promise to figure this kind of stuff out before we get married.
Howard (off): Why are you being so bossy?
Bernadette (off): Why are you being a baby?
Howard (off): Im not a baby. Im a grown man, and I made the bed. Now wheres my star?
Leonard: Should we go?
Penny: Hang on. I want to see if he gets the star.
Scene: The steam tunnel. 
Raj: Oh, this heat is brutal.
Sheldon: As someone from the tropical subcontinent of India, you should know that fanning yourself in a humid environment only raises your body temperature.
Rajj: Huh. That does explain why the servants used to look so hot while they were fanning me. Lets get our minds off how uncomfortable we are. We could take some more simulated instrument readings.
Sheldon: My major focus at the moment is keeping my claustrophobia at bay.
Raj: Hows that going?
Sheldon: You tell me. I feel like I cant breathe, and I am tempted to crack you open and suck the air right out of your lungs.
Raj: Sheldon, if this is too much, we can stop.
Sheldon: Were not stopping.
Raj: You dont have to bite my head off.
Sheldon: I apologize. I just, Im plagued by an internal struggle.
Raj: If you would just use the bucket, youd be so much more comfortable.
Sheldon: My struggle is emotional.
Raj: Oh. Is it Amy?
Sheldon: Its dark matter. When I entered the field of string theory, I was a prodigy. I rose to a position of respect, and I assumed my career would continue on that upward trajectory. Now here I am in my 30s, Im back at square one. And, frankly, its frightening.
Raj: Sheldon, you know what I think of when Im scared? Voyager.
Sheldon: Voyager the space probe or Voyager the Star Trek TV show?
Raj: The space probe.
Sheldon: Good. Because I am too hot and tired to go on about how much I hate Voyager the TV show.
Raj: By the time I was born, Voyager 1s mission was supposed to be over. It had seen Jupiter and Saturn and all their moons, but it kept going. When I left India for America, I was never more scared in my life. I had no idea what lay ahead. Whenever I feel that way, I think about how Voyager is still out there somewhere beyond our solar system, going further than anyone ever thought it could. Dont leave. You can do this.
Amy: Sheldon, is everything okay?
Sheldon: Its too late for Koothrappali. Lets go.
Amy: 11 minutes. Thats longer than I thought.
Raj (off): Theyre in my shirt. Theyre in my shirt. Theyre in my shirt.
Scene: Pennys bedroom.
Penny: Okay, this is definitely the most fun thing we can do with the money.
Leonard: Ive never done it on a big old pile of cash before. Me neither, Leonard. Its my first time, too.
Scene: Howard and Bernadettes bedroom.
Bernadette: Im so sorry I made you feel bad about the money stuff.
Howard: Its okay.
Bernadette: No, its not okay. I want us to be partners, equals. Adults in a mature relationship.
Howard: I want that, too.
Bernadette: Now, lets talk about your birthday party.
Howard: Ooh, laser tag, laser tag.
Bernadette: Oh.
Scene: The apartment. 
Amy: Do you really need me to transcribe this?
Sheldon: Youre not doing it for me. Youre doing it for future generations who will benefit from my struggle. (Voice on recorder) Sheldons Mine Simulation Log, entry four. My Kit Kat has melted. All is lost.
Raj: You call yourself a friend? I was trying to help you, and at the first sign of trouble you ran away, leaving me to fend off a family of rats. Youre a completely selfish human being and a, and a physical and a moral coward.
Sheldon: His statements of the obvious continue to annoy.
