Scene: Sheldons office.
Sheldon: And reverse the spin on the antiproton, and gamma becomes alpha, multiplied by a matrix of negative I comma zero, and there we have it. Conclusive proof that I am absolutely worthless after nine oclock.
Ghostly voice: Sheldon, Sheldon.
Sheldon: Hmm. (Looks outside office door. Corridor lamp sparks and goes out. Corridor is bathed in an eerie glow) All right, all right. I see whats going on. A little pre-Halloween hijinkery. A ghostly moan, a rattling of chains, a witchs cackle. The trifecta of haunted house clichs. Instead of eek, I say yawn.
Ghostly voice: Sheldon.
Sheldon: Oh, the walls are dripping blood, which looks nothing like a phenolphthalein indicator exposed to a sodium carbonate solution. (Reading message on wall) See you in hell Sheldon. The most frightening thing about that is the missing comma. (A luminous skeleton rushes towards him) Ah. Okay, all right. That one was clever. Skeleton with phosphorous on a zip line. Come on out, merry pranksters. Take a bow.
Raj: You shouldve seen your face.
Sheldon: Yes, theres nothing quite like the slightly widened eyes of mildly startled.
Howard: Come on, admit it. We got you, Sheldon.
Sheldon: Please, fright depends on an element of surprise. The simple fact is, because I am much smarter than you, and able to anticipate your actions, it is highly unlikely that you two rubes could ever surprise me. (Leonard creeps out behind him wearing a Star Trek Balok mask)
Raj: Hes probably right.
Howard: We cant beat him. Hes just too smart.
Sheldon: Gentlemen. (Turns and sees Leonard. Screams and faints).
Howard: Who had money on faints?
Raj: I had pee his pants.
Leonard: Hang on. Looks like everyones a winner.
Credits sequence.
Scene: The comic book store.
Leonard: Oh. Watch out, Sheldon. This little boy Casper is a g-g-g-ghost!
Sheldon: Droll.
Howard:Not as droll as a grown man passed out in a puddle of his own urine.
Leonard: That was pretty droll. With a hint of ammonia.
Sheldon: Yes, enjoy your japes, gentlemen. You think youve poked fun at a milquetoast academic. Well, youve forgotten one thing. I am also a son of the Lone Star state. Im Texas through and through. And we know how to settle scores down there. If you doubt me, ask Mexico.
Stuart: Hot girl, nine oclock. Dont everybody look at once!
Raj: What is she doing in a comic book store?
Stuart: I dont know, she might be lost. Doesnt matter. Watch and learn. Hi.
Hot girl: Hi.
Stuart: Um it-it-it (returns to guys) Shut up.
Hot girl (to Leonard): Are you getting this Next Men?
Leonard: Uh, yeah. Its issue number 21. First appearance of Hellboy.
Hot girl: I know. Ive been looking for it for years.
Leonard: Sorry.
Hot girl: Hey, if I pretended to hit on you, could I distract you enough to sneak it away?
Leonard: Yes, but youd be using your superpowers for evil.
Hot girl: Damn, Im forbidden by my Kryptonian father to do so. I am Alice.
Leonard: Leonard.
Alice: You are very cute, Leonard.
Leonard: Thanks. You, too. You know, go ahead and take it.
Alice: No, no. No, no, I, I, I did evil. Would you be open to a trade?
Leonard: Uh, yeah, yeah, sure, I guess.
Alice: Okay. Here. This is my number, call me.
Leonard: Sorry, palms a little sweaty. Whats that word?
Alice: Alice.
Leonard: Oh, right, your name. That makes more sense than penis.
Alice: Later.
Howard: Did we just see you pick up a girl in a comic book store?
Stuart: Cause if you did, you get your picture up there on the Wall of Heroes.
Leonard: No, I dont think I picked her up. Besides, I have a girlfriend.
Stuart: Doesnt matter. This is the closest anyones ever come. Youre going on the wall, my friend.
Scene: Entering the apartment building.
Sheldon: Be sure to check the mail.
Leonard: How many times are you gonna tell me? Whats with you?
Sheldon: Nothing. Its not suspicious that Im fixating. Its consistent with my personality.
Leonard: Right.
Penny: Hey, guys.
Leonard: More Halloween candy? Didnt you just buy a bunch of it yesterday?
Penny: Oh. Yeah. Thats gone. Its a rough month when Halloween and PMS hit at the same time.
Sheldon: Leonard doesnt have time to chat, he has to get the mail.
Leonard: Will you relax? Ill get it in a minute. Hey, how was work?
Sheldon: Open the mail!
Leonard: Excuse me. (Sheldon holds fingers in ears) A couple of circulars, nothing important.
Penny: Whats with him?
Leonard: Hang on. (Sheldon opens mail box. A loud horn blows and a balloon with Leonards face on pops out. Sheldon faints again.) You might be from Texas, but Im from New Jersey.
Scene: The apartment. Leonard is with Alice.
Leonard: Check it out. Jim Lee drew this of me two years ago at Comic Con.
Alice: What are you wearing?
Leonard: Well, you know, its Comic Con. Im Lion-O from ThunderCats.
Alice: Wow, you must have gotten so laid.
Leonard: No. But Jessica Alba did rub my furry belly.
Alice: Want to see a comic I draw?
Leonard: Youre kidding. You have your own book?
Alice: Yeah. Its kinda based on my life.
Leonard: Cool. Oh, look. Thats you having sex with a guy in the top half of a Chewbacca costume. Comic Con?
Alice: Youd think, but no.
Leonard: Youre very talented. This is really good. Did you do (she kisses him.)
Alice: So, can I trade you my comic for the Hellboy?
Leonard: You can have my car.
Scene: Sheldons office.
Sheldon (creeps into office carrying a box): Oh, dear. (Reaches into box, picks up a snake) Oh, dear. (Puts snake into Rajs top drawer) Oh, dear, oh, dear. Oh, dear, oh, dear. Oh, dear. Oh, dear. Purell, Purell, Purell, Purell.
Raj (entering): Good morning, Sheldon.
Sheldon: It is, isnt it? Oh, bother. Isnt that just always the way? You go to staple something, and youre out of staples. Gosh, I wish Id known that earlier today when I was at Staples.
Raj: You have a thing of paper clips right there.
Sheldon: well, no, no, I need something more permanent to join these papers. Say, dont you keep staples in your top desk drawer?
Raj: I dont know. Maybe.
Sheldon: Be a lamb and check.
Raj: All right. (Opening drawer) Who do we have here?
Sheldon: Its a snake. A terrifying snake.
Raj: Oh, did some bad man put us in a drawer?
Sheldon: Stop talking like that. Youve been rendered speechless by fear.
Raj: Lets go to the biology lab and find you some nice yummy mice.
Sheldon: I tried to scare an Indian with a snake. Come on, Cooper. Youre better than this.
Scene: Pennys apartment. There is a knock.
Penny: Its open.
Leonard: Hey, you got a minute?
Penny: Yeah, sure, come on in.
Leonard: Thanks.
Penny: Want some mac and cheese?
Leonard: No. Lactose. Gas.
Penny: Glass of wine?
Leonard: No. Sulfites. Migraines.
Penny: Okay, well, Id offer you Halloween candy, but thats gone. So, whats up?
Leonard: Okay, we used to go out, right?
Penny: Oh, my God, thats where I know you from.
Leonard: Im dealing with a situation and its kind of about my love life, so I know that might be weird for us to talk about, but in this area, as you know, all my other friends are just so stupid.
Penny: All right, whats going on?
Leonard: So, youre okay talking about this?
Penny: Yes.
Leonard: Youre sure its not weird.
Penny: Its okay.
Leonard: You know what, if you ever want to talk to me about a problem in your life with a guy, then I would be fine with that.
Penny: Okay, good, because theres this one guy I used to date whos about to be force-fed wine and cheese if he doesnt get to the point.
Leonard: Okay, uh, here it is. Is it cheating if a guy has a girlfriend
Penny: Yeah, probably.
Leonard: Come on.
Penny: Im sorry, go ahead.
Leonard: I met this girl, and shes great. We have a lot in common.
Penny: Did you guys do it?
Leonard: No. We just made out a little.
Penny: Oh, look at you, you bad boy. Did you tell her about Priya?
Leonard: Well, I was gonna, but there were too many tongues in my mouth.
Penny: Thats gross.
Leonard: Heres the thing, I, Im not one of those guys who sneaks around and sleeps with more than one woman.
Penny: Well, good for you.
Leonard: The problem is, I want to be one of those guys.
Penny: So sleep with the new girl and lie to Priya.
Leonard: Oh, thats not who I am.
Penny: All right, then break it off with the new girl.
Leonard: Now, lets not do anything rash. Shes really hot.
Penny: If you like this girl so much, why dont you just end things with Priya?
Leonard: Priya and I are in love. I think we could get married someday.
Penny: Leonard, youre looking for a way to sleep with both women and have everybody be happy about it.
Leonard: Now were getting somewhere.
Penny: What does your gut tell you?
Leonard: Go ask Penny; shell know what to do.
Scene: The apartment. Sheldon is adjusting a device on his arm.
Sheldon: Hello, Howard. Ive realized that you scaring me was all in jest. Allow me to say, job well done. (Grabs his own hand. Electrocutes himself.) Perfect.
Leonard: What are you doing?
Sheldon: Science. You wouldnt understand.
Leonard: Hey, well, see you. Im going out. (Starts to go out. Doesnt.)
Sheldon: I thought you were leaving the apartment.
Leonard: Yeah, me, too. I cant make up my mind.
Sheldon: Are you concerned because the world is filled with big dogs and bullies?
Leonard: No. Im having a moral crisis.
Sheldon: Well, if its of any help, Ive read all the great moral philosophers, including Dr. Seuss.
Leonard: Oh, what the hell. Im supposed to go see that girl from the comic book store, Alice, but I dont know if I should, because Im going out with Priya, but shes in India.
Sheldon: All right. So the topic at hand is sexual fidelity. Probably wont be relying on Seuss here. Although One Fish, Two Fish, Red Fish, Blue Fish might be surprisingly applicable. Go on.
Leonard: Well, they say at the end of your life, you regret the stuff you didnt do more than the stuff that you did, and Im pretty sure Alice is the stuff I want to do.
Sheldon: You know, the German philosopher, Friedrich Nietzsche, believed that morality is just a fiction used by the herd of inferior human beings to hold back the few superior men.
Leonard: That actually does help.
Sheldon: Its worth noting that he died of syphilis.
Leonard: Screw it, Im going.
Sheldon: On your way home, will you pick up some orange juice?
Leonard: Do you mind? Im questioning a lot of things in my life right now.
Sheldon: Is one of those things your fondness for orange juice?
Leonard: No.
Sheldon: Great. Tropicana, no pulp.
Scene: Howards house. Sheldon rings the doorbell.
Howard: Hey, Sheldon.
Bernadette (off): Who is it?
Sheldon: Its me, Sheldon, Mrs. Wolowitz.
Howard: Thats not my mom, its Bernadette.
Sheldon: Really? Thats very unsettling.
Bernadette: Hi, Sheldon.
Sheldon: Hi.
Howard: Whats up?
Sheldon: It just occurred to me that I never formally congratulated you on your pending nuptials. So I hopped on the first bus and hightailed it down here to shake your hand. Put er there, you old so-and-so.
Howard: Well, I, Im gonna see you at work in 12 hours, dont you think it could have waited until then?
Sheldon: Holy smoke, why didnt I think of that? Youre a better man than I, Howard Wolowitz. You put er there, you son of a gun!
Howard: Whatever. (Takes his hand. Starts to be electrocuted) My oh its (Clutches heart and collapses)
Bernadette: Oh, my God, Howard! What did you do?
Sheldon: It was a harmless Halloween prank. Look.
Bernadette: Howard has a heart condition! You know that!
Sheldon: Well, I thought he made that up. Isnt hypochondria a common idiosyncrasy of Jewish people?
Bernadette: This is adrenaline, were gonna have to inject it into his heart.
Sheldon: We are?
Bernadette: You are. Im not strong enough to get it through his chest plate, and weve only got one shot.
Sheldon: Oh, no! I cant!
Bernadette: Hurry! Were running out of time!
Sheldon: Okay.
Bernadette: Just do it!
Sheldon: Oh, God! One, two, three!
Howard: Trick or treat, bubbeleh.
Sheldon: What? No. You mean this was all a ruse? Oh, how could I be so stu (puts hand to forehead. Electrocutes himself).
Scene: Alices apartment. Alice and Leonard are kissing.
Leonard: Damn it, I cant. I cant, I cant do this.
Alice: Uh, is it my tongue stud? Cause if that freaks you out, youre in for a real surprise later on.
Leonard: No, no, no. I, I cant do this. Believe me, I really want to.
Alice: But?
Leonard: But I kind of have a girlfriend.
Alice: Are you kidding?
Leonard: Youre cool with you and me just being friends, right?
Alice: I dont believe this.
Leonard: Wait, I dont, which part?
Alice: Im so stupid. I thought for once Id met a good guy, but youre just another jackass.
Leonard: Oh, no, no, you have it wrong. No. I, I was going to be a jackass, but I stopped myself. I stayed a good guy, so, Im gonna pass on the sex. But you should know, thats not a comment on your hotness but on my goodness. Thats kind of my superpower. Im, like, Captain Good Guy.
Scene: Leonard being ejected into the corridor.
Leonard: Its okay. Did the right thing. You idiot!
Scene: The apartment. Leonard is on skype.
Leonard: Hey, Priya.
Priya: Hey, sweetheart. Hows it going?
Leonard: Uh, not so good. We have to talk.
Priya: Oh, sounds serious. Whats up?
Leonard: Okay, uh, here it is. I met this girl and I kissed her, and I feel terrible about it. But its done, its never gonna happen again. And I am so, so sorry.
Priya: Leonard, relax. Its okay.
Leonard: It is?
Priya: Yeah, these things happen. They happen to everybody.
Leonard: Oh, my God, you are amazing. I mean, I dont deserve you. Wh, what do, what do you mean everybody?
Priya: Leonard, I didnt know if I should tell you, but I kind of cheated on you, too.
Leonard: Uh, kind of?
Priya: A couple of weeks ago, I slept with my ex-boyfriend. So, I guess we both messed up a little.
Leonard: No, no, I messed up a little. You messed up a lot.
Priya: Well, its not a competition.
Leonard: Oh yeah, it is, and you won. I, I, Im, Im sorry, I have to go. I dont believe this.
Sheldon (leaping out of the base of the sofa): Bazinga, punk. Now were even.
