Scene: Webcam conversation between Bernadettes Office and the International Space Station
Howard: Hey, Bernie.
Bernadette: Hey, hows my little astronautie hottie?
Howard: Okay, I guess. Its just, being cooped up in this tin can for weeks on end is starting to get to me.
Bernadette: Well, hang in there. You just have a couple more days to go, and then youll be home.
Howard: I know.
Bernadette: I got to get back to work. I love you.
Howard: Love you too. Hey, Bernie? Before you go, can you do something for me?
Bernadette: What do you want me to do?
Howard: Okay, here it is. I really miss gravity. Can you drop something so I can watch it fall?
Bernadette: Really, youre serious? Okay. (Drops a pencil)
Howard: Oh, baby, youre killing me.
Scene: The apartment. Penny enters, carrying a box.
Penny: Ugh. Hey, Sheldon? Hi. This came for you today. Its from your mom.
Sheldon: Oh, thank you, Penny.
Penny: M-hmm.
Sheldon: Yeah, wait, here. For your troubles.
Penny: Oh, boy, a whole dollar. Now, I can quit my paper route. So, whats in it?
Leonard: Mmm, doesnt matter. Half the time, he just ends up playing with the box.
Sheldon: Yeah, its journals and research papers I wrote as a child.
Penny: Aw, how cute. Is this like a diary?
Sheldon: No, thats my potty training journal.
Penny: Really, your potty training journal?
Sheldon: Yeah. And forgive my crude penmanship. I didnt start typing until I was six.
Penny: August 7, 8:42 a.m. This is humiliating. What was wrong with diapers?
Sheldon: There are some charts in the back where I kept track of shape, colour and consistency.
Penny: Oh, disgusting.
Leonard: No, whats disgusting is hes still keeping track.
Penny: Why do you need all this stuff?
Leonard: No, no, no, no.
Penny: Sorry!
Sheldon: I am glad you asked. Are you familiar with the Higgs boson?
Penny: Of course, it is, its been in the news. And its a very famous boson.
Sheldon: Nice try. Now, in 1964, Dr. Peter Higgs, accomplished self-promoter and physicist, he wrote a paper postulating the existence of a subatomic particle called the Higgs boson. Now, initially the paper was rejected, but recently, he was proven right, and now hes on the fast track to win a Nobel prize.
Penny: Yeah, thats basically what I said.
Sheldon: Yeah, the point is Higgs is being celebrated for work he did 50 years ago, so that got me thinking, perhaps Ive already hit upon the idea that will win me my Nobel prize.
Leonard: I didnt know they gave Nobel prizes for making boom-boom in the potty.
Penny: You really think theres some kind of scientific discovery in here?
Sheldon: Well, this box only covers my work through nursery school. Theres a good deal more to come. I didnt really hit my academic stride until I cut out that time-suck known as playing outdoors.
Leonard: So, youre going to spend hours and hours combing through all this stuff?
Sheldon: Thats a good point. My time is much too valuable. You know, perhaps I should find someone to do it for me. You know, someone with a rudimentary understanding of science, but whose real talents lie in menial labour.
Leonard: Not gonna happen.
Sheldon: Well, if I didnt think you could handle it, I wouldnt be asking.
Leonard: If you want help, just hire a grad student.
Penny: Maybe I could do it.
Sheldon: You, really? You can assess the quality of my work? Okay, um, here. I wrote this when I was five years old.
Penny: A proof that algebraic topology can never have a non self-contradictory set of abelion groups. Im just a blonde monkey to you, arent I?
Sheldon: You said it, not me.
Credits sequence.
Scene: Sheldons office.
Sheldon: All right, Ms. Jenson. Uh, before we begin, may I offer you a refreshment? Water, coffee, tea, a marijuana cigarette?
Ms Jenson: No, thanks. Im fine.
Sheldon: Now, are you sure? Everyones smoking them. I think theyre the best.
Ms Jenson: I dont do drugs.
Sheldon: Excellent, yeah. That was a ruse. Theyre not the best. Physics is the best. And by the way, coffee was also an unacceptable choice. All right, so I see here youre from Des Moines, Iowa. Uh, youre summa cum laude in theoretical physics from Stanford University. Oh, and two years ago, you had a persistent ear infection. I hope that didnt cause any hearing loss.
Ms Jenson: No, of course not. How did you know about that?
Sheldon: I did a comprehensive background check. Medical records, credit reports, criminal history. (Hiding mouth behind book)  I trust you paid off those parking tickets.
Ms Jenson: Yes, I did.
Sheldon: Hearing unimpaired, good.
Ms Jenson: Look, Dr. Cooper, I really want this position. It would be an incredible honour to work for a man of your brilliance.
Sheldon: Flattery will not get you this job, Ms. Jenson.
Ms Jenson: Its not flattery if its the truth.
Sheldon: Oh, well, thank you. Welcome aboard.
Scene: A University corridor.
Leonard: You talk to Howard lately?
Raj: Uh, yeah, last night. He kept making me drop pencils for him. I got uncomfortable. (Entering Sheldons office)  Hey, Sheldon, hope youre hungry, theyre serving macaroni and (spots Ms Jenson)  che-ee-ee-ese.
Leonard: Smooth. Hi.
Ms Jenson: Hello.
Leonard: Sheldon, arent you going to introduce us?
Sheldon: No. I have people for that now. Youre up.
Ms Jenson: Im Alex, Dr. Coopers new assistant.
Leonard: Ah, congratulations and may God have mercy on your soul. Im Leonard. This is Raj.
Alex: Its nice to meet you. Im so excited to be working with Dr
Sheldon: Yeah, please reserve chitchat for your breaks, Ms. Jenson. FYI, there will be no breaks.
Alex: I should probably get to work.
Leonard: She seems nice.
Raj: Hey, you already got a girlfriend. I call dibs.
Leonard: All I said was she seems nice.
Raj: Yeah, well, I love her.
Scene: Webcam conversation between Bernadettes Office and the International Space Station
Bernadette: Hey, I wasnt expecting to hear from you today. Everything okay?
Howard: Uh, no, not really.
Bernadette: Whats wrong?
Howard: Well, remember the Soyuz capsule they were sending to bring us home?
Bernadette: Uh-huh.
Howard: Its delayed. Were gonna be here at least another week. Maybe ten days. Its the Russians, so you dont know. They left dogs up here in the sixties.
Bernadette: Come on, Howard. No ones leaving you up there.
Howard: I dont know how much longer I can take this. I cant sleep, and zero gravity is giving me crazy acid reflux. Im down to my last three Tums.
Bernadette: Youre going to be fine. You survived that Weight Watchers cruise with your mom. And they ran out of low-fat ice cream on day two. Just calm down and take a few deep breaths.
Howard: Okay, okay. What am I doing? Im using up all the oxygen. If I die, promise youll never have sex with another man.
Scene: Pennys apartment. Amy is applying very red lip gloss.
Amy: Oh, yeah. Im a man-eater now.
Penny: Okay, for the final touch, this is an eyelash curler. You just place it on your lashes and squeeze it closed.
Amy: Oh, I dont know. Looks like something used by Tinkerbells gynecologist.
Penny: Who I hope for her sake is not Captain Hook, so who are you calling?
Amy: Im going to video-chat Sheldon. If my new look leads to phone sex, Im going to have to ask you to leave the room.
Alex: Dr. Coopers office.
Amy: Oh, hello. Who are you?
Alex: Im Alex, Dr. Coopers assistant. Can I help you?
Amy: Id like to speak to Sheldon.
Alex: Im sorry. Hes asked me to hold all calls unless youre Stephen Hawking, his mother or himself from the future.
Amy: All right. Well, tell him Amy called.
Alex: Last name?
Amy: He knows my last name. Im his girlfriend. We have a contract and everything. Ill send you a PDF.
Alex: All right, I will tell him you called.
Amy: Hmm, thats weird.
Penny: What?
Amy: Sheldon told me he had a new assistant named Alex. He didnt mention that Alex was a girl.
Penny: Maybe he didnt notice.
Amy: Youre right. I dont have to worry about Sheldon.
Penny: No, you do not.
Amy: Its her I have to worry about.
Penny: Oh, Amy, really? She is not going to come on to Sheldon.
Amy: Oh, really? Look at this face (Sheldons picture on phone) How can any woman spend eight hours a day alone with this face and not fall in love with it?
Penny: Well, for starters, at some point, that face starts talking.
Scene: University corridor.
Penny: Amy, this is crazy. You have nothing to be suspicious about.
Amy: Im not suspicious. I just want to stop in, say hi to my boyfriend and meet his new assistant. (Throwing open Sheldons office door) Aha!
Penny: Can we go now?
Amy: Hang on. (Rubs Sheldons telephone receiver under her armpit)
Penny: What are you doing?
Amy: Isnt it obvious? Im spreading my scent to mark my territory.
Penny: Come on, Amy. That is not gonna work.
Amy: Really? Because just before you became my best friend, I did this all over your apartment.
Scene: The cafeteria.
Raj: Has your, uh, assistant said anything about me?
Sheldon: Oh, in fact, she has. Uh, her exact words were, what is that guys problem?
Raj: Im in her head. Let the dance begin.
Alex: Heres your frozen yoghurt, Dr. Cooper.
Leonard: This should be fun.
Sheldon: Half chocolate, half vanilla, side by side, not swirled?
Alex: Yes.
Sheldon: Half a teaspoon of sprinkles?
Alex: Rainbow, not chocolate.
Sheldon: Two cherries?
Alex: One on top, one on the bottom.
Sheldon: Stems removed?
Alex: Um, top one, yes. I didnt check the one on the bottom.
Leonard: Oh!
Alex: Im so sorry, Dr. Cooper.
Sheldon: Its all right, Alex. Im not mad at you, Im just disappointed.
Leonard: Wait, Alex. Do you want to join us?
Alex: Um
Sheldon: Uh, Alex, a moment. I need a word with Dr. Hofstadter. Do you think its appropriate for her to sit with us, given her station?
Leonard: Given her what?
Sheldon: If Ive learned anything from British television shows on PBS, its that servants dine downstairs with their own kind.
Leonard: What?
Sheldon: Its a kindness, Leonard. Otherwise, youre cruelly tempting them with a glimpse of a world thats just beyond their soot-stained fingertips.
Leonard: Oh, sure. Please join us.
Alex: Oh, okay. Thank you.
Leonard: So, Alex, whats the topic of your dissertation?
Alex: Im looking for Trojan asteroids at Earths L-Five Lagrange point.
Leonard: Oh, that happens to be Dr. Koothrappalis field of expertise. You two have a lot to talk about.
Alex: Is that true? Is he all right?
Leonard: No. But compared to your boss, hes the poster boy for sanity.
Alex: Its okay, Ive been around scientists all my life. My dads an astronomer at SETI.
Leonard: Oh, SETI, the Search for Extraterrestrial Intelligence. You should introduce him to Sheldon. The search is over.
Alex: So, what kind of research are you doing?
Leonard: High-energy lasers.
Alex: Ooh. Military?
Leonard: Not yet, but I can remove unwanted hair from two miles away.
Amy (to Penny, on other side of room): You were right. I had nothing to worry about. That skanks your problem, not mine.
Alex: Youre very funny, Dr. Hofstadter.
Leonard: Thank you.
Sheldon (choking): Cherry stem! Cherry stem!
Scene: Webcam conversation between Bernadettes Office and the International Space Station
Bernadette: How you doing, Howie? You feeling a little better?
Howard: Oh, a lot better, thanks. One sec. Listen close, I dont have a lot of time. I need you to go to my house. In my bedroom, youll find a model rocket. I want you to take it and bring it back to your place.
Bernadette: Okay.
Howard: Step two, build a version roughly fourteen stories high. Fill it full of rocket fuel and come get me. Ill leave the door unlocked.
Bernadette: Howie, honey, maybe you should talk to someone, let them know youre having a little anxiety.
Howard: No, no, Im fine. No anxiety. We should probably talk in code. From now on, frog is me, sandwich means you and lemon means rocket. So, come on, sandwich, build me a lemon cause froggy wants to come home.
Scene: Pennys car.
Amy: Look at you, putting on a brave face.
Penny: Theres nothing to be brave about. Everythings fine.
Amy: Really? I dont know how much you know about primate behaviour, but Sheldons assistant was clearly courting Leonard. Were she a mandrill, she would have bent over and displayed her brightly coloured hindquarters like a big red welcome mat. By the way, you try that at the junior prom, you get kicked out.
Penny: Okay, maybe she was flirting with him, but who cares? Look, I dont even know where my relationship is with Leonard is right now.
Amy: So says your prefrontal cortex. But meanwhile, the limbic system of your brain is calculating that if another woman is attracted to Leonard, it must be because hes desirable.
Penny: Well, of course hes desirable. I mean, hes great. Hes smart, hes sweet, and, ooh, in the bedroom, whew, let me tell you, he really tries.
Amy: So it does bother you.
Penny: Fine, it bothers me a little. No. You know what? This is stupid. It doesnt bother me. Okay, it bothers me. But only because she wouldnt stop laughing. Leonard is not that funny.
Amy: And there you have it, prefrontal cortex reasoning versus limbic lust. If this were a boxing match, they might call it the thrilla adjacent to the amygdala. If you were a brain scientist, you would be busting a gut right now.
Scene: The apartment.
Penny: So, how was work today?
Leonard: Ah, it was all right, I guess. Got to Heimlich a cherry stem out of Sheldon. Caught Raj right in the eye.
Penny: Oh! Youre kidding.
Leonard: No, Raj had to go to the nurse.
Penny: Wow. Anything else?
Leonard: Mmm, the nurse is a woman, so he couldnt talk to her. She had to bring him a Grover puppet so he could point at what hurt.
Penny: Oh, is that it?
Leonard: Isnt that enough? It had the weaponised fruit and a puppet. What more do you want?
Sheldon (arriving with Alex): Oh, good, Leonard, youre here. Science news. This will interest you. And, Penny, feel free to paint your nails.
Leonard: What do you got?
Sheldon: I believe Alex may have unearthed the grade school science project that could be my ticket to the Nobel Prize. Behold.
Leonard: Magnets: What Do They Stick To? If the answer is metal, its not exactly groundbreaking.
Sheldon: The original title was A Rederivation of Maxwells Equations Regarding Electromagnetism I dumbed it down because some of the more religious people in town were starting to say I was a witch.
Alex: Sheldon thinks the approach in this paper might change the way we calculate ferromagnetic hysteresis.
Penny: Oh, its about time. I hated the old way. Hi. Im Penny.
Alex: Alex. Uh, do you work with Dr. Hofstadter?
Penny: In a way. Weve kind of been involved in a five-year experiment.
Alex: Oh. Well, youre lucky. He seems very talented. And Im sure a lot of people want to work with him.
Penny: Well, a lot of people cant. Uh, hey.
Leonard: Where are we going?
Penny: My limbic system wants to take your pants off.
Alex: She seems nice.
Sheldon: Notice people on your own time. Were working.
Scene: Webcam conversation between Bernadettes Office and the International Space Station
Bernadette: Hey, Howie, how you feeling?
Howard: Better. Much better. The other astronauts held me down, gave me a shot. Oooh. Attention, people of Earth. Tonight, there will be two moons in the sky.
Bernadette: Howie, stop that. NASAs watching this! Put your pants back on!
Howard: Whee! Whee!
