Scene: The apartment
Sheldon: Why hast thou forsaken me, O deity whose existence I doubt?
Policeman: Here. Breathe into this bag.
Leonard: Whats going on?
Sheldon: They stole everything, Leonard, everything.
Policeman: Are you the roommate?
Leonard: Yeah, Leonard Hofstadter. What happened?
Policeman: Your friend here called 911 to report a robbery.
Leonard: Oh, my God, what did they get?
Sheldon: What didnt they get? They got my enchanted weapons, my vicious gladiator armour, my wand of untainted power, and all my gold.
Leonard: You called the police because someone hacked your World of Warcraft account?
Sheldon: What choice did I have? The mighty Sheldor, level 85 blood elf, hero of the Eastern kingdoms, has been picked clean, like a carcass in the desert sun. Plus, the FBI hung up on me.
Policeman: Into the bag.
Sheldon: They took my battle ostrich.
Leonard: Oh, no, not Glenn?
Sheldon: Yes, Glenn! The only bird I ever loved.
Policeman: Good luck, fellas.
Leonard: Thank you, officer.
Sheldon: Wait a minute! Youre not going to do anything?
Policeman: Mr. Cooper, theres nothing
Sheldon: Doctor Cooper.
Policeman: Seriously?
Leonard: Not the kind with access to drugs.
Policeman: Fine. Dr. Cooper. Im sorry for your loss, but the Pasadena Police Department doesnt have jurisdiction in Pandora.
Sheldon: Thats from Avatar, World of Warcraft takes place in Azeroth. Goodness gracious, how are you allowed to carry a gun? Can you at least refer me to a rogue ex-cop?
Policeman: What?
Sheldon: You know, one who was drummed off the force because he refused to play by the rules, and now he hires himself out to impose his own brand of rough justice?
Policeman: No.
Leonard: Thank you, officer.
Sheldon: Its all gone. All gone.
Leonard: Im really sorry, Sheldon.
Sheldon: What kind of world do we live in, where a man would take another mans battle ostrich?
Leonard: I dont know.
Sheldon: This act of aggression must be met with swift and cruel ferocity. It is time to cry havoc, and let slip the dogs of war.
Leonard: Im on it. (On phone) Hi, Mrs. Wolowitz. Is, is Howard there? Okay, thanks. That particular dog of war will have to call you back after his bath.
Sheldon: See if Raj is done with Pilates.
Credits sequence.

Scene: The apartment.
Sheldon: Three thousand hours. Three thousand hours clicking on that mouse, collecting weapons and gold. Its almost as if it was a huge waste of time.
Howard: Whoever did this knew what they were doing. He got in and out of your account in under 15 minutes, transferred all your stuff, and didnt leave a digital fingerprint.
Sheldon: Oh! There isnt enough camomile tea in the world to quell the rage in my heart.
Raj: Hold on. Im talking to an orc under the bridge in Thunder Bluff who says if we pay him, hell help us track down your things.
Sheldon: Can we trust him?
Raj: I should say so, he appears to be a member of the Nigerian royal family.
Howard: Whoa! Somebodys auctioning off a jewelled ostrich bridle!
Sheldon: No. Glenns was leather. He was a simple ostrich. Is! Is, I havent given up hope.
Penny: Hey.
Leonard: Hey, Penny. Were kind of in the middle of a crisis, here.
Penny: Oh, I know. Bernadette told me. Sorry, Sheldon. I know that game meant a lot to you.
Sheldon: That game? Excuse me, Penny, but Doodle Jump is a game. Angry Birds is a game. World of Warcraft is a massively multi-player online role-playing all right, technically its a game.
Raj: Bad news, the Nigerian prince may be a fraud.
Penny: Okay, well, anyways, I brought you a day-old cheesecake to cheer you up!
Sheldon: Stale pastry is hollow succour to a man who is bereft of ostrich.
Penny: Just say thank you.
Sheldon: I thought I just did.
Penny: All right. See you later.
Priya: Oh! Hello.
Penny: Oh, hi! I was just dropping off a cheesecake to Sheldon. He was robbed of a bunch of imaginary crap thats useful in a make-believe place.
Priya: I dont know what that means.
Penny: Yeah, well, sadly, I do.
Scene: Pennys apartment. 
Penny: Did you know last weekend Priya took Leonard rollerblading at the beach? Can you believe that?
Bernadette: I feel like Im supposed to say that bitch, but I dont have enough information.
Penny: I am the one who spent two years trying to get him to even go to the beach in the first place. And he was so phobic about stepping on medical waste, I had to carry him to the water.
Bernadette: I took Howard to the beach once. He almost burst into flames like a vampire.
Penny: So whats the thanks I get for turning Leonard into quality boyfriend material? I have to tiptoe around his new girlfriend.
Amy: I think youre on.
Bernadette: Oh. That bitch!
Penny: Want some coffee liqueur on your ice cream?
Amy: Ah, heres the alcohol and drug peer pressure Mother warned me about. I was starting to think it was never going to happen. Yes, please.
Penny: You guys shouldve seen Leonard when I first met him. There was no eye contact. He was either looking up at the ceiling, or down at his shoes.
Amy: Im drunk.
Penny: You know, for the first couple of months, whenever I would take off my bra, he would giggle and say, oh boy, my breast friends.
Bernadette: Well, if it makes you feel any better, Im never speaking to Priya again.
Penny: No, dont do that. No reason to be mean to her.
Amy: This may be the alcohol talking, but I believe there is. Are you familiar with the recent study of Tanzanian chimpanzees by Nishida and Hosaka out of Kyoto University?
Penny: No, but I can name all the Kardashians.
Amy: Primates, such as ourselves, have a natural instinct to ostracize ill-mannered members of the troop. Bernadettes urge to shun, scowl or fling her waste at Priya is hard-wired into her DNA.
Bernadette: I dont have an urge to fling my waste.
Amy: Believe me, its there, we all have it. Hit me with some more booze, and Ill show you.
Scene: The apartment
Howard: All right, here we are, this is the tavern where all the black-market weapon trades go down.
Raj: I dont think my character should be in a place like this. Everyones undressing her with their eyes.
Howard: Maybe if you stop dropping your sword and bending over to pick it up.
Leonard: Okay, what exactly are we looking for?
Howard: Redheaded troll, goes by the name of Glumly. According to the message boards, if you want to move stolen goods and its after school hours, hes your guy.
Priya: Leonard, is this going to take much longer? I thought we were going to spend some time together.
Leonard: Uh, we are. In the meantime, youre welcome to whip up a quick character and join us.
Priya: Seriously?
Leonard: Well, you have to put in a credit card number, but its fun.
Priya: Maybe I should just go home.
Howard: Our troll just walked in! I got him!
Leonard: We got him. Were almost done.
Howard: So, how do you guys want to play this?
Sheldon: Be ruthless. You tell him if he doesnt start talking, well register a complaint with his Internet service provider.
Raj: Sheldon, what if he gets his Internet from his cable company? He could lose his HBO and all their delightful original programming.
Sheldon: I dont care! Im losin it, man!
Leonard: Why dont we play this smart? Try a little good goblin, bad goblin.
Priya: Oh, dear Lord.
Howard: Nah, I think we have to be more subtle.
Raj: Okay, I see where this is going. Fine, Ill have sex with him.
Leonard: Thats not where it was going.
Raj: Good, because I would hate that.
Priya: Leonard, youre busy, lets talk tomorrow.
Leonard: Oh, wait. Hang on. Are you upset?
Priya: No, no, I think its sexy to date a boy trapped in a mans body.
Leonard: Good, good. Ill tell you what happens.
Sheldon: And people think I dont get sarcasm.
Scene: The hallway. 
Amy: Well, well, well. Look who it is.
Penny: Okay, be nice.
Priya: Hello.
Penny: Hi. Were just heading out for a drink.
Amy: Because I do that now.
Bernadette: Count your blessings youre not a Tanzanian chimp.
Priya: What?
Penny: Dont listen to her, shes had a lot of ice cream. Do you want to join us?
Priya: Oh, thank you, but I have work to do.
Amy: Four women walk down the stairs, how many reach the lobby?
Scene: The cafeteria.
Leonard: Did your sister say anything when you got home last night?
Raj: Oh, no, dont put me in the middle of this. Im not going to be your go-between.
Leonard: Come on, help me out. Am I in trouble?
Raj: Theres no reason to worry.
Leonard: Thats a relief.
Raj: Im sure many women in happy relationships spend their nights skyping with their ex-boyfriend Sanjay.
Howard: Good news, gentlemen, I found our hacker.
Sheldon: What?
Leonard: Really?
Howard: Yeah. No one can hide from me, not Waldo, not Carmen San Diego, not even topless Natalie Portman.
Sheldon: Ive never said these words before, but good job, Howard!
Howard: Thanks. Our culprit is one Mr. Todd Zarnecki, 2711 Ocean View Road, Carlsbad, California.
Sheldon: The name and the address drip with evil.
Raj: What else do we know about him?
Howard: Well, quite a bit, actually.
Leonard: Ill bet hes some loser who lives with his parents.
Howard: Yes, he does live with his parents. Heres a Google Earth shot of their house.
Sheldon: Excellent! Its in a cul-de-sac. We can box him in.
Leonard: Hold on, youre thinking of going there?
Sheldon: Carlsbad is only a couple of hours away.
Leonard: Fine. You walk up to the house, knock on the door and demand your stuff back. What if he says no?
Sheldon: I dont know if youve been following the news, Leonard, but there have been some terrific advancements in the field of torture.
Leonard: No ones getting tortured.
Sheldon: Fine, well abide by the Geneva Convention. But ask yourself this, in the course of our lives, how much lunch money has been taken from us? How many kites? How many Scooby-Doo Trapper Keepers?
Raj: I totally had one of those.
Sheldon: Of course you did. It was a fun and practical way of organizing your school work. But the bullies took it from us. Well, no more. Tonight, we take back our dignity, our birthright and our pride. What do you say? Whos with me?
Raj: I have a hip-hop aerobics class at five, could we go after?
Sheldon: Sure.
Howard: Also, tonights the Sabbath and my mother and I have a tradition of lighting the candles and
watching Wheel of Fortune, so If we could leave at eight, wed still be able to regain our birthright at ten, ten thirty latest.
Sheldon: Fine. Leonard?
Leonard: Oh, geez, I dont know if I can ditch Priya two nights in a row.
Raj: Oh, come on, man. Bros before my sister.
Leonard: Aw, screw it. Im in.
Raj: Me, too.
Howard: And me.
Sheldon: One moment. (Places a tissue on their hands before adding his own) Im hell-bent on catching a cyber criminal, not the common cold.
Scene: Howards house
Sheldon: Im sorry, I thought this delay was so you could watch Wheel of Fortune with your mother.
Howard: I am. Shes just bleaching her moustache. Check it out. Hey, Ma! Before and After! Four words, 17 letters, two Ns, one V.
Howards Mother (off): Fanny pack of wolves.
Leonard: Thats incredible.
Howard: Yeah, shes kind of a Wheel savant.
Leonard (phone rings): Uh-oh, thats Priya.
Raj: Sitar music for her ringtone is not cool, dude.
Leonard: Hit the Hey, sweetie. Yeah, Im sorry. Im gonna be working late. I, I, I miss you, too. Okay, sure, Ill call you when I get home. Okay, bye-bye.
Raj: Very nice. You lie to my sister.
Howard: Thats the nicest thing he does to your sister.
Raj (phone rings): Oh, guess who.
Leonard: Cover for me.
Raj: Hello, Priya. Whats up? How would I know if Leonards at work or not? Dont be suspicious. Look, if you want your relationship with Leonard to continue, youre going to have to believe whatever wild-eyed, cockamamie excuse the white devil has the nerve to offer you. Okay? Yeah, bye-bye. You owe me.
Howard: New puzzle, Ma. Same name. One N, two Ds, three Os.
Howards Mother (off): Whoopi and Rube Goldberg!
Sheldon: Thats uncanny.
Howard: I know. Its her superpower. Well, that and jiggling her arm fat.
Scene: Leonards car. 
Leonard: I cant believe were going all the way to San Diego to confront this guy.
Howard: Yeah, were kind of bad-asses, arent we?
Leonard: Totally.
Raj: Hey, how about we stay the night and hit Legoland in the morning?
Sheldon: Sea World is better. It has Shamu, who is literally tons of fun. But for the moment, lets stay focused on Todd Zarnecki.
Raj: Yeah, were coming for you, Todd Zarnecki. And for the record, Legoland is more interactive.
Sheldon: I almost feel sorry for the poor fool, sitting in his split-level suburban ranch, unaware that a vengeful horde is barrelling down the San Diego Freeway at 71 miles an hour. Ease up there, lead foot. You trying to get us killed?
Raj: I took the liberty of burning us a mix of heroic questing music.
Sheldon: This says Beyonce Bootylicious Dance Mix.
Raj: Its a re-writable CD. Just put it in.
Howard: Beyonce? Really?
Raj: Shes curvy and she owns it. I like that.
Leonard (as Ride of the Valkyries begins): Oh, yeah, Im feeling it.
Sheldon: We are winged fury! Which is still no excuse for going over the posted speed limit.
Scene: Stuck in a traffic tailback.
Howard: Next time we go to kick someones ass, we take the train.
Sheldon: I always prefer the train.
Scene: Outside Todd Zarneckis house.
Leonard: Sheldon, lets go.
Sheldon: Coming.
Howard: Why did you bring that?
Sheldon: No weapon strikes more fear into a mans heart than a Klingon batleth.
Leonard: Okay, lets get clear on something. Were just going to tell this guy to transfer all of your stuff back into your account and then be on our way. No ones batlething anybody.
Sheldon: So my blade shall not taste blood tonight?
Leonard: No.
Sheldon: Well, now I just feel silly holding it.
Leonard: Come on.
Sheldon: Can I at least kick down the door?
Leonard: Youre welcome to try, but the other day, it took you 15 minutes to get into a FedEx box. (Rings bell)
Voice Inside: Who is it?
Sheldon: Your doom!
Raj: Dont say your doom. Who opens the door for their doom?
Sheldon: Good point. Basket of puppies.
Huge man (opening door): What?
Leonard: Uh, Sheldon?
Sheldon: Are you Todd Zarnecki?
Todd: Yeah. Who are you?
Sheldon: I am Sheldor of Azeroth. I want my things back.
Todd: I dont think so. Let me see that.
Sheldon: Careful. Thats a collectible.
Todd: I know. Ive always wanted one. (Closes door)
Sheldon: Well, hes even more cunning than we thought.
Scene: Leonards car.
Sheldon: You know, the jokes on him. Without the certificate of authenticity, that batleth is worthless.
Howard: Yeah, he walked right into our trap.
Raj: Legoland seems like a hollow dream now.
Leonard: Oh-oh.
Raj: Whats the matter?
Leonard: Somethings wrong, Im not getting any gas. Anybody know anything about internal combustion engines?
Sheldon: Of course.
Raj: Very basic.
Howard: 19th-century technology.
Leonard: Does anybody know how to fix an internal combustion engine?
Sheldon: No.
Howard: No, not a clue.
Leonard: Well, wed better call somebody to come pick us up.
Sheldon: Itd be swell if they had a train.
Scene: Pennys car.
Sheldon: Thank you, Penny.
Penny: No problem. So, Leonard, I think its interesting you didnt call your girlfriend to come get you.
Leonard: Uh, I kind of told her I was working.
Penny: So you lied to her. Also interesting.
Leonard: Yeah, she doesnt really understand the whole Warcraft adventure-role-playing thing.
Penny: Well, doesnt matter if she gets it, as long as shes pretty.
Howard: This ones funny, Leonard. How come you couldnt make it work with her?
Penny: So did you at least get Sheldons fake stuff back?
Sheldon: No. We failed in our noble quest.
Penny: How come?
Sheldon: Todd Zarnecki was mean.
Penny: All right. Hang on.
Leonard: What are you doing?
Penny: Im gonna show you how we finish a quest in Nebraska. Oh. Beyonce. (Ride of the Valkyries) This aint no Beyonce.
Scene: Todd Zarneckis house. Todd answers the door. 
Todd: Now what?
Penny: Give my friend his stuff back.
Todd: I dont know what youre talking about.
Penny: Well, then, good news. Todays the day a girls finally going to touch you in your little special place. (Kicks him in the groin) Now give him his stuff back.
Todd: Okay.
Sheldon: We did it! I said, we.
Scene: The lobby. 
Priya: Oh, hold the door.
Penny: Oh, hi.
Priya: Hi.
Penny: Going to see Leonard?
Priya: Yes. How have you been?
Penny: Fine. You?
Priya: Very well, thank you.
(They ascend all three flights of stairs in silence.)
Penny: Alright, well great seeing you.
Priya: Yeah, you too.
Penny: Amys right. I do want to fling my poop at her.
