Scene: The bathroom
Sheldon: Leonard, are you in the shower?
Leonard: I cant hear you, Im in the shower.
Sheldon: I asked if you were in the shower, but thats moot now.
Leonard: What?
Sheldon: Moot. Rendered unimportant by recent events.
Leonard: I cant hear you, Im in the shower.
Sheldon: I have to skip the chitchat. Emergency.
Leonard: What kind of emergency?
Sheldon: Mathematical. 32-ounce banana smoothie, 16-ounce bladder.
Leonard: You might not want to do that.
Sheldon: I assure you I do.
Leonard: Sheldon, Im not alone in here.
Sheldon: What?
Priya: Hello, Sheldon.
Sheldon: What are you doing in there? She cant be in here.
Leonard: We were in here first, you cant be in here.
Sheldon: According to the roommate agreement, paragraph nine, subsection B, the right to bathroom privacy is suspended in the event of force majeure. And believe me, I am experiencing a very majeure force.
Sheldon: Come on, you cant wait two minutes?
Priya: Oh, Leonard, let the man pee.
Scene: Pennys door. 

Sheldon: (Knock, knock, knock) Penny? (Knock, knock, knock) Penny? (Knock, knock, knock) Penny?
Penny: What?
Sheldon: Move. Move. Move!
Credits sequence. 

Scene: The apartment.
Sheldon: Dr. Leonard Hofstadter, you are officially charged with two violations of the roommate agreement. Do you waive reading of the charges?
Leonard: Yeah, fine.
Priya: Hang on. No, my client does not waive reading of the charges.
Leonard: Oh. Cool. Ive got a lawyer. And Ive seen her naked.
Priya: Proceed.
Sheldon: Very well. Count the first, on or about the 28th day of April, the accused did knowingly and with malice aforethought deny access to the shared bathroom in a time of emergency, to wit, my back teeth were floating. Count the second, the accused exceeded the agreed upon occupancy of the shower, to wit, one, unless we are under attack by water-soluble aliens.
Priya: Can I see the roommate agreement?
Sheldon: Um, its fairly technical.
Priya: I think I can handle it.
Leonard: Top of her class, Cambridge University. Licensed to practice law in three countries. And your face.
Priya: All right, based on a cursory reading, it doesnt look like you have much of a case, Sheldon.
Sheldon: Do so, do so.
Priya: Oh, Im afraid not. Section seven here, on the right to enter the bathroom in emergency situations, is not specific as to what constitutes an emergency.
Sheldon: Oh, thats ridiculous. A bathroom emergency is self-explanatory.
Priya: Is it? If Leonard forgot to trim his nose hair, could he barge in while you were showering?
Sheldon: Irrelevant. Leonard doesnt trim his nose hair. He thinks because hes short nobody can see up there.
Priya: My point is, Sheldon, the legal principle is ambiguity in a contract benefits the party that did not draft it, in this case, Leonard. So much for count one.
Sheldon: But
Priya: Theres no buts, Sheldon, thats how the law works.
Leonard: Schooled!
Priya: As for the shower capacity issue, I cite addendum J. When Sheldon showers second, any and all measures shall be taken to ensure an adequate supply of hot water. I believe this supercedes the occupancy issue.
Leonard: Superceded!
Sheldon: This isnt over.
Leonard: No offence, but shower sex with you is now the second best thing thats happened today.
Scene: The apartment. 
Raj: Mmm, Greek food on pizza night? This is the most delightfully cruel thing weve done to Sheldon since we left that fake message from Stephen Hawking on his voice mail.
Priya: Seriously?
Howard (in Stephen Hawking voice): I wish to discuss your theories of black holes. Meet me at the Randys Donut by the airport at 2:00 a.m.
Sheldon: What is that youre eating? Tonight is pizza night.
Leonard: Id like to refer that to my attorney.
Priya: According to what I see here, Thursday nights are Franconis pizza night.
Sheldon: Yes, and when Franconis went out of business, we switched to Grazianos.
Howard: Thats interesting. Can you just switch restaurants like that, Priya?
Priya: A good question, Howard. Turns out you cant. According to the document you drew up, Sheldon, the selection of a new takeout restaurant requires public hearings and a 60-day comment period. Were those criteria met?
Sheldon: No.
All: Opa!
Sheldon: This is Greek food? Leonard, you hate Greek food.
Leonard: Not as much as you.
Sheldon: Fine. Im nothing if not adaptable.
Leonard: I got you the lamb kabob.
Sheldon: Thank you. If you think about it, Greek food isnt that far from italian food. They share a spice palette. And what a civilization is the Greeks. They gave us science, democracy, and little cubes of charred meat that taste like sweat.
Scene: Pennys door. 
Sheldon: (Knock, knock, knock) Penny? (Knock, knock, knock) Penny? (Knock, knock, knock) Penny?
Penny: Hey. Whats up?
Sheldon: The mean Indian lady tried to make me eat lamb. Congratulations. Pizza night will now be at your apartment. Order one.
Penny: Oh, Im sorry, honey, Im meeting Amy and Bernadette for dinner. But youre welcome to tag along.
Sheldon: A girls night? Oh, I dont know if Im up for an evening talking about rainbows, unicorns and menstrual cramps.
Penny: Okay, suit yourself. Well probably be trashing Priya a little.
Sheldon: Shotgun.
Scene: A bar.
Penny: Okay, Id like to propose a toast to a wonderful girls night out.
Amy: Fair warning, we can get ker-razy.
Bernadette: Yeah. Last week we smoked cigars and pretended to be dragons.
Sheldon: Really, Amy? Tobacco and alcohol? Need I remind you not a lot of scientific discoveries were made by people having a good time?
Amy: Why did you bring him? Hes harshing my buzz.
Penny: I felt sorry for him. Priyas giving him a hard time.
Bernadette: Ooh, the Priya bashings starting early. Yay! Okay, whats up with those pantsuits?
Amy: I need some context.
Penny: Pantsuits suck.
Amy: And that opens her up To justifiable ridicule for wearing them. Good one, Bernadette. See? Ker-razy.
Scene: The same, later.
Bernadette: Whee-ee-ee!
Amy: You smell like baby powder.
Sheldon: Its talc. But as thats a primary ingredient of baby powder, I understand your confusion.
Amy: Oh, Im not confused at all. Youre like a sexy toddler.
Sheldon: I dont know how to process that.
Bernadette: I do. Amy and Sheldon sitting in a tree. K-I-S-S-S-S-I-N-G.
Penny: Thats too many Ss for kissing.
Bernadette: Not if theyre doing it for a long time.
Penny: Sheldon, have you ever kissed a girl?
Sheldon: Other than my mother, my sister and my mee-maw, no. But in the interest of full disclosure, I was once on a bus and had to give mouth-to-mouth resuscitation to an elderly nun who passed out from heat exhaustion. Every year I get a Christmas card from her, signed with far too many Xs and Os.
Bernadette: That doesnt count. Arent you even a little curious?
Penny: Yeah, youre a scientist, where is the curiosity?
Amy: Im available for experimentation.
Sheldon: Thank you. Not necessary. We know everything there is to know about kissing. It requires 34 facial muscles and 112 postural muscles.
Amy: Oh, blah, blah, blah. Give me some sugar, bestie (kisses Penny).
Sheldon: Im certainly glad no one said they were curious about Aztec human sacrifice.
Penny: Hey, I know, lets take Sheldon dancing.
Bernadette: Oh, I totally want to see Sheldon dance. I bet he looks like a spider on a hot plate.
Sheldon: No, thank you, but for the record, Im an excellent dancer. Proficient in the rumba, waltz and cha-cha.
Amy: Really?
Sheldon: I dont see why thats surprising. I excel at so many things. Youve had my sourdough bread.
Penny: Did you take dance lessons?
Sheldon: Against my will. In the South, pre-adolescent children are forced through a process called cotillion, which indoctrinates them with all the social graces and dance skills needed to function in 18th century Vienna.
Penny: Oh, we are so taking you dancing.
Sheldon: No, you most certainly are not.
Bernadette: Well, what does your cotillion training say is expected of a gentleman when three ladies ask him to escort them to a dance soiree?
Sheldon: I saved a nuns life. Why am I being punished?
Scene: A taxi.

Penny: Take us to a place we can waltz.
Taxi driver: Where you can what?
Sheldon: Waltz. Its a social dance from Austria, choreographed to a three-four time signature. (Sings Blue Danube. The taxi driver says something into radio in Korean. The word waltz is included. Dispatcher replies also in Korean. Taxi driver sings Blue Danube. Dispatcher says oh, waltz! They speak Korean some more. )
Taxi Driver: Here we go.
Amy (singing): I kissed a girl and I liked it, I hope my boyfriend dont mind it.
Sheldon: What happened to you?
Scene: A Korean ballroom dancing club. Sheldon and Amy are dancing. 
Penny: Shake it baby, shake it!
Bernadette: Muy caliente, Sheldon!
Elderly Korean Gentleman: Care to dance?
Bernadette: Oh, Im sorry, Im engaged.
Korean: How about you?
Penny: Oh, what the hell. Ooh!
Scene: Outside Amys apartment. 
Amy: How come if were the smart people, we dont do this every night?
Sheldon: Whats 16 times 14?
Amy: My burps taste like cranberry juice.
Sheldon: And theres your answer.
Amy: Would you like to come in for a nightcap?
Sheldon: If youre referring to the beverage, you know I dont drink. If youre referring to the hat you don while wearing a nightshirt and holding a candle, I have one.
Amy: I have yoo-hoo.
Sheldon: Its hard to say no to yoo-hoo. The name literally beckons.
Amy: Make yourself comfortable.
Sheldon: Thank you. Is someone smoking?
Amy: Oh, thats just Ricky.
Sheldon: You own a smoking monkey?
Amy: Dont be silly. Hes one of the animals in my departments nicotine addiction study.
Sheldon: Whats he doing here?
Amy: Im giving him emphysema. The least I can do is let him hang out and watch cable.
Sheldon: Remarkable. Arent you worried about secondhand smoke?
Amy: A little. The real danger is him biting my face off while Im sleeping.
Sheldon: is he deliberately blowing smoke at me?
Amy: Yeah. Hes kind of an ass.
Sheldon: Thank you. May I share something with you thats troubling me?
Amy: Of course. Whats rattling around that big bulbous brain of yours?
Sheldon: Priya has essentially nullified my roommate agreement with Leonard, making life in the apartment very uncomfortable for me.
Amy: And you want me to kill her? Done.
Sheldon: No, of course not.
Amy: I trained Ricky how to smoke. I can train him to shoot a poison dart. No jury would convict us cause people love monkeys.
Sheldon: I understand the alcohol has stirred up whatever it is that makes girls go wild, but I really need to talk to smart Amy now.
Amy: Excuse me. Have you considered that your intelligence might be the very thing causing your dilemma?
Sheldon: No.
Amy: What do you think Ricky over here would do if an interloper encroached on his territory?
Sheldon: Well, when challenged, monkeys generally assert their dominance through chasing, assault and a stylized penile display. Thats a little outside my comfort zone.
Amy: Youre being too literal. My point is, he would not meekly surrender to the rules, and neither should you.
Sheldon: Are you suggesting I play dirty?
Amy: Yes, dirty. Dirty, dirty, dirty. Which brings me to our next order of business. (Kisses him)
Sheldon: Fascinating.
Amy: I hope you dont take what Im about to do as a comment on what we just did. (Runs to bathroom and vomits)
Sheldon (to Ricky): Whos to say you shouldnt be dissecting our brains? You really are an ass.
Scene: The apartment. 
Leonard: Morning, Sheldon.
Sheldon: Oh, good, youre up. Ive written a new and improved roommate agreement that benefits me greatly. Id like you to sign it.
Leonard: Why would I want to do that?
Sheldon: Excellent question. Do you remember what happened to the alien, played by talented character actor Frank Gorshin, in the Star Trek episode Let That Be Your Last Battlefield?
Leonard: Uh, Captain Kirk activated the self-destruct sequence and threatened to blow up the Enterpriseand kill them both unless he gave in?
Sheldon: Affirmative. Computer, this is Dr. Sheldon Cooper. Activate self-destruct sequence. Code 1-1-A-2-B.
Female Voice: Self-destruct sequence activated.
Leonard: What are you gonna do, Sheldon, blow up the apartment?
Sheldon: That was my first thought, but all my cool stuff is here.
Priya: So what happens when it counts down?
Sheldon: Unless Leonard signs the new agreement in the next 41 seconds, this computer will send an e-mail to your parents in India saying that youre in a secret relationship with the whiter-than-marshmallow-fluff Leonard Hofstadter.
Priya: Oh, my God.
Leonard: Whats the big deal?
Priya: Trust me, its a big deal.
Leonard: Theyre gonna find out about me eventually, right?
Priya: Yeah, of course, just not today.
Sheldon: 20 seconds.
Leonard: Are you ashamed of me?
Priya: Of course not.
Leonard: Then why cant we tell your parents?
Priya: Please, dont push this.
Sheldon: He does that all the time, doesnt he? 15.
Priya: Okay, fine, Sheldon, you win. Turn it off.
Leonard: No, hes bluffing.
Sheldon: I never bluff. Ten.
Leonard: Its blackmail!
Sheldon: Nine.
Priya: We give up.
Sheldon: Eight.
Leonard: This is ridiculous. (Pulls out plug)
Sheldon: Its a laptop with a full charge. Honestly, what do you see in him?
Priya: Give him what he wants or were done.
Sheldon: Three.
Leonard: Really?
Sheldon: Two.
Leonard: Okay, Ill sign it!
Female Voice: Self-destruct sequence aborted.
Sheldon: You may have gone to Cambridge, but Im an honorary graduate of Starfleet academy.
Scene: The apartment. Sheldon is at his laptop. 
Sheldon: Good morning, Amy.
Amy: It most assuredly is not.
Sheldon: Are you experiencing dehydration, headache, nausea and shame?
Amy: Yes. I also found a Korean mans business card tucked into my cleavage. What happened last night?
Sheldon: Ah, memory impairment, the free prize at the bottom of every vodka bottle.
Amy: Sheldon?
Sheldon: All right. Last night you gave me some excellent advice regarding my problem here at home, you kissed me and then vomited on and off for 40 minutes, following which you passed out on your bathroom floor. I then folded a towel under your head as a pillow, set your oven clock to the correct time because it was driving me crazy, and I left.
Amy: Okay. Dont really know where we go from here.
Sheldon: I suggest we treat our relationship as if it were a crashed computer and restore it to the last point we both agree it worked.
Amy: Terrific. Thank you. (Noise of Ricky in background) They were out of menthols! Get off my back! Not easy living with a temperamental little primate.
Leonard (off): Come on, Priya, just admit I embarrass you!
Sheldon: Youre preaching to the choir, sister.
