Scene: The cafeteria.
Leonard: I got to tell you, the more I read about the primordial gravity wave discovery, the more excited I get.
Raj: I know. Being an astrophysicist right now is like being a rock star.
Howard: Only without the sex.
Raj: Yeah, literally, none of it.
Leonard: What do you think about it, Sheldon?
Sheldon: Meh.
Raj: Are you kidding me? This may be the biggest scientific breakthrough of our lifetime. How can you, as a theoretical physicist, not care about this?
Sheldon: Maybe its because Im not an elitist. What Id like to know is, how does this gravity wave breakthrough help the man on the street? You know? Whos looking out for Joe six-pack and all his quantum physics concerns?
Leonard: Oh, my God, youre jealous.
Sheldon: Why would I be jealous?
Leonard: Oh, I dont know. Maybe because the origin of the universe just got proven, the Higgs field just got proven, and youve been working on string theory for the last 20 years and youre no closer to proving it than when you started.
Sheldon: Yeah, well, Ive had a lot on my plate. We happen to live in a golden age of television.
Barry: Excuse me, fewwas. Sowwy for eavesdwopping, but there actually was some big stwing theowy news today out of the Hadwon Cowwider.
Sheldon: Really? Did they find evidence to support extra dimensions or supersymmetry?
Barry: No, but they did find evidence that youll bewieve anything.
Sheldon: Why would you do that? Youre a string theorist as well.
Barry: Incowwect. I am a stwing pwagmatist. I say Im gonna pwove something that cannot be pwoved, I appwy for gwant money, and then I spend it on wiquor and bwoads. Water.
Sheldon: Do you think hes right? Am I wasting my life on a theory that can never be proven?
Howard: Maybe. But how great is Game of Thrones?
Credits sequence.
Scene: The apartment.
Penny: Hey, youre up early.
Sheldon: I couldnt sleep.
Penny: I told you those Walking Dead pillowcases were a bad idea.
Sheldon: No, thats not it.
Penny: Is something bothering you?
Sheldon: Yes, but you wouldnt understand.
Penny: Oh, come on, try me.
Sheldon: All right. Ive devoted the prime of my life to string theory and its quest for the compactification of extra dimensions. Ive got nothing to show for it, and I feel like a fool.
Penny: Okay. I get it. I mean, not all the jibberjabber in the middle, but I know what its like to put your heart and soul into something and get nothing out of it.
Sheldon: You mean your acting career?
Penny: No.
Sheldon: Your relationship with Leonard?
Penny: No.
Sheldon: Your failed attempt to go back to college?
Penny: No. Im saying you and string theory sound like a relationship, and I know what its like to be in one and realize its never gonna turn out the way you want.
Sheldon: I said Leonard, you said no.
Penny: Im talking about other guys.
Sheldon: Okay. Well, what do you do?
Penny: You have to have the courage to end the relationship. You know? Break it off, shake hands, walk away.
Sheldon: I dont know if I can do that.
Penny: I know its hard, honey, but in the end, thats how you grow.
Leonard: Penny, have you seen my good inhaler?
Sheldon: Break it off, shake hands, walk away.
Scene: The cafeteria.
Leonard: Hey, hows dating two women going?
Raj: Um, kind of hit a bump. When I was honest and told Emily she wasnt the only person I was seeing, it went great. So I tried the same thing with Lucy.
Howard: And?
Raj: She had mixed feelings. But when I said, Emily was cool with it. Emilys the best. Why cant you
be more like Emily? Those feelings became less mixed.
Leonard: Women. Who knows whatll set em off?
Raj: At least now I can focus all my energies on just one girl.
Howard: I hope I get to meet her as soon as possible.
Raj: Why the rush? She isnt going anywhere.
Howard: She is. But I like that attitude.
Sheldon: Gentlemen, is anybody interested in my old string theory books?
Raj: Youre really going to do this?
Sheldon: I am. Yeah, Penny pointed out that what Im going through is essentially a breakup. And according to Cosmopolitan magazine, one of the most effective techniques for moving on is to get rid of all reminders of the relationship.
Howard: Youre reading Cosmo?
Sheldon: Yes. As it turns out, theres an article on how to get over a breakup in literally every issue. Anyway, it suggests that I set these on fire, but the smell of burning books reminds me of church picnics in East Texas.
Howard: Whats this?
Sheldon: Oh, thats just a doodle of a hyperelliptic Riemann surface.
Leonard: Oh, yeah. Wasnt that the basis of your postdoc fellowship?
Sheldon: It was. This seemed so elegant at the time, but now I realize I was just a simple country boy seduced by a big city theory with variables in all the right places.
Raj: Its going to be okay.
Sheldon: I know. As hard as this is, I have to move on. I cant keep postulating multidimensional entities and get nothing in return. I have needs, too.
Howard: So, you and Emily still together?
Scene: Rajs apartment.
Howard: I spoke to Bernadette. Shes free tomorrow night.
Raj: Oh, okay, great. But if were really gonna do a double date, then we have to go over some ground rules about Emily.
Howard: Like when it turns out shes made of rubber, I dont say anything?
Raj: Shes very real.
Howard: Oh, thats what it says on the box. Right next to dishwasher safe.
Raj: See? This is exactly the kind of thing Im worried about you saying in front of her.
Howard: I promise Ill be on my best behaviour.
Raj: You better be. No jokes about how close I am with my dog. Or the truth about how close I am with my dog.
Howard: You got it.
Raj: No jokes about the year I took ballet.
Howard: You took ballet?
Raj: God, you never listen.
Scene: The apartment.
Leonard: Are you sure you want to do this?
Sheldon: The magazine articles suggest that one of the ways to get over a breakup is a new look.
Leonard: What about your old look, well-groomed ventriloquist doll?
Penny (treating Sheldon as a ventriloquist doll): Oh my God, I do look like that.
Sheldon: You stop it.
Penny: So, how do you want me to cut it?
Sheldon: Oh, how about Bill Gates meets Nikola Tesla?
Leonard: So, business in the front, science in the back.
Penny: Or I dont cut it and maybe just style it a little.
Sheldon: Oh, Im in your hands. Do a good job and Ill tell you Cosmos ten dynamite tips to enjoy your PMS.
Penny: Can you keep him quiet? Maybe jangle some keys in front of him?
Leonard: That doesnt work any more. He just thinks Im taking him to the doctor. So, now that youre no longer invested in string theory, what are you gonna pursue?
Sheldon: Oh, there are so many exciting areas. Black holes, dark matter.
Penny: Oh, Leonard was telling me about dark matter, but I didnt really understand it.
Sheldon: Dont feel bad. Neither does he.
Penny: Okay, what do you think?
Sheldon: Have you ever even seen a picture of Tesla?
Leonard: It actually looks good, Sheldon.
Penny: Doesnt it?
Leonard: Yeah.
Sheldon: I suppose I could see myself in a scientific boy band. Of course, Id be the dreamy one and the smart one.
Amy: Sorry Im late. What did you do?
Penny: I gave him a new look. Its cute, huh?
Amy: Yeah, its cute. Thats the problem. I dont need other girls to see him walking around like sex on a stick.
Sheldon: Shes right. Im too hot.
Scene: A restaurant.
Bernadette: Im excited to meet Emily.
Howard: Me, too. I just hope he doesnt blow it.
Bernadette: Why would you say that?
Howard: Because hes Raj, thats his thing. Beckham can bend it, Ralph can wreck it, Raj can blow it. Look, I dont want it to happen, but odds are hes gonna find a way to Oh, crap, I know that girl.
Bernadette: How?
Howard: In a bad way, very bad.
Raj: Hey, guys.
Howard: Whatever you hear tonight, just remember I love you. Hey.
Raj: Emily, these are my good friends, Howard and Bernadette. Guys, this is Emily.
Emily: Nice to meet you.
Bernadette: Hi.
Emily: Have we met before?
Howard: Uh, no. I, I dont, I dont think so.
Emily: You sure? You look familiar.
Howard: Well, you sure dont. You I know, you I know, you? Total stranger. Even if you had yummy candy, I would not get in your van.
Emily: Did you go to that spin class on Green Street?
Howard: That must be it.
Raj: Since when do you go to spin class?
Howard: Wow. Now who doesnt listen?
Scene: The apartment.
Amy: Sheldon, your foods getting cold. What are you doing?
Sheldon: Oh, looking through my textbooks for a new field of inquiry. Why do we have a geology book? Leonard, did you throw a childrens party while I was in Texas?
Penny: Wait. Whats wrong with geology?
Sheldon: Let me put this in a way youll understand, Penny. You remember how you explained to me that the Kardashians arent real celebrities? Well, geology is the Kardashians of science.
Sheldon: Have you considered studying standard model physics?
Sheldon: You want me to give up string theory for something thats less advanced? You know, why dont you break up with Penny and start dating a brown bear?
Penny: Like you could get a brown bear.
Leonard: Hey, Ive got a good job. I could buy salmon. You dont know.
Amy: Maybe you could make your new field of study the calculation of nuclear matrix elements.
Sheldon: Oh, please. If I wanted to take up a fad, Id get a tramp stamp.
Leonard: What about loop quantum gravity?
Sheldon: Oh, Duchess, look at me. My quantum gravitys positively loopy.
Penny: Whos the duchess?
Leonard: One of the people that lives in his head.
Amy: I hope hes this distraught if he ever breaks up with me.
Leonard: Well, if he does, Ill see if my bear has a friend.
Penny: Sheldon, have you ever considered not rushing into something new? I mean, why dont you take your time, enjoy your freedom? Maybe something new to study will find you.
Sheldon: Thats actually not bad advice. You know, I didnt seek out string theory. It just hit me over the head one day.
Amy: How does that happen?
Sheldon: A bully chased me through the school library and hit me over the head with the biggest book he could find.
Penny: Okay, how about we toast your newfound freedom?
Sheldon: Ah, normally I refrain from alcohol, but since my cerebral cortex is twiddling its proverbial thumbs, why not soak it in grape juice thats been predigested by a fungus?
Penny: And you wonder why other children beat you with books. Cheers!
Scene: The restaurant.
Bernadette: Emily, what do you do?
Emily: Im a dermatology resident at Huntington Hospital.
Raj: Mmm, and you know what that means. Someones skins about to be softer than ever.
Emily: This is making me crazy. I know I know you from somewhere.
Raj: Oh, uh, Howard was an astronaut. Maybe thats where you saw him.
Emily: Wow. Thats amazing. What was that like?
Howard: It was the most incredible experience of my life. Up there in the space station, youre
Emily: Oh, my God, I remember.
Howard: Can I finish my astronaut story?
Emily: It was four years ago.
Howard: Please dont say it.
Emily: We were set up on a blind date.
Howard: Please dont say it.
Emily: You came to my apartment.
Howard: Youre saying it.
Raj: Wh, what happened?
Bernadette: Yeah, what happened?
Howard: Okay, Ill say it. I was on the way to pick her up. My stomach felt a little funny. When I got there, I asked if I could use her bathroom.
Bernadette: Please dont say it.
Howard: One roll of toilet paper and 20 minutes later, I was so humiliated, I snuck out the window and never saw her again.
Emily: You know what else I never saw again, my security deposit.
Howard: Im sorry. I tried to unclog it, but you didnt have a plunger, and water was spilling out everywhere.
Emily: Right, just water.
Howard: Look, I have felt terrible about this for years, and Im glad I have the opportunity to tell you just how sorry I am.
Emily: Its fine. All my friends love this story. They call you Clogzilla.
Raj: Get it? Because you clogged up her bathroom like a radioactive monster!
Howard: Yeah, yeah, I get it.
Bernadette: Howie.
Howard: Well, hey, its not like cotton candy comes out of you.
Scene: The apartment.
Amy: Come on, lets get you to bed. Youve had a lot to drink.
Sheldon: No more than Penny.
Amy: Thats what Im saying.
Sheldon: Wait, wait, wait, wait, wait. (Knock, knock, knock) Empty room. (Knock, knock, knock) Empty room. (Knock, knock, knock) Empty room. If somebody says come in, Im gonna freak out.
Scene: The restaurant.
Bernadette: So, Emily, why did you decide to specialize in dermatology?
Emily: I like cutting people with knives, and all the other jobs where you get to do that are illegal.
Bernadette: Youre kidding, right?
Raj: Shes scary, but its a cute scary.
Howard: Can I say just one more thing? I had some kind of food poisoning that day. Sure, in retrospect, gas station sushi, maybe not the best choice. Nor was climbing out your window and running away. But I think we can all understand how humiliating that was, and Id really appreciate it if we could move on.
Bernadette: Howie, we moved on a long time ago.
Howard: Im just saying
Bernadette: We moved on.
Howard: Okay. Fine.
Bernadette: Hows your soup?
Howard: Ah, its all right. They couldve filled the bowl a little more. Excuse me.
Bernadette: Where are you going?
Howard: I need some fresh air.
Emily: Been there.
Scene: Sheldon, waking up in bed next to a Geology book.
Sheldon: Oh, no. What have I done?
Scene: The apartment.
Leonard: How you feeling?
Sheldon: Not so good.
Leonard: Are you gonna introduce me to your friend?
Sheldon: Its not my friend. Nothing happened.
Leonard: I dont know. I heard you reading pretty loud last night.
Sheldon: Oh, dear Lord. Wheres Amy?
Leonard: After she put you to bed, she went home.
Sheldon: Oh. I should call her and apologize. Oh, no.
Leonard: What?
Sheldon: Apparently, I called Stephen Hawking last night.
Scene: Stephen Hawkings office.
Answerphone: First new message.
Sheldon (voice): Hawkman. Its your old buddy Sheldonoscopy. How come you didnt pick up the phone? Oh, right. My bad.
Scene: The cafeteria..
Howard: Youre awful quiet. Everything okay?
Sheldon: Not really. I had a bit of an embarrassing evening.
Howard: Ugh. Me, too. What happened?
Sheldon: I drank alcohol and may have left an unfortunate voice mail for Stephen Hawking.
Howard: I wouldnt worry about it. Hes got a pretty good sense of humour.
Sheldon: Oh, I hope so. What happened to you last night?
Howard: Oh, well, turns out Id already met the girl Raj is seeing when I did a number on her bathroom. And that number was two.
Sheldon: Well, you know, Ive always been a fan of a story told by Attar of Nishapur, about a king who assembled a group of wise men to create a ring that would make him happy when he was sad. And that ring was inscribed with the phrase, this too shall pass.
Barry: Hey, Cooper. I heard you dwunk-dialed Stephen Hawking last night? Classic.
Howard: Get out of here, Barry.
Barry: Whatever you say, Cwogziwwa.
Sheldon: Clogzilla. Thats pretty funny. I dont think thats gonna pass.
Scene: Stephen Hawkings office.
Answerphone: Next message.
Sheldon (voice): Its me again. I gave up string theory. You should give up black holes, and we can totally solve crimes together.
Answerphone: Next message.
Sheldon (voice): Do you know whats great? Geology. Oh. Look at this geode. Thats fun to say. Gee-ode. Gee-ode.
Answerphone: Next message.
Sheldon (voice): Gee-ode. Gee-ode. I kiss girls now.
Answerphone: Next message.
Sheldon (voice): Hey, guess who I am. Beep bop boop bop. Im you. Get it?
Answerphone: Next message.
Sheldon (voice): Are you mad at me? Oh, no, youre mad at me. Im so sorry. Beep bop boop bop.
Answerphone: Next message.
Sheldon (voice): Thiospinel sulfide. Thiospinel sulfide. Thats even more fun than gee-ode. Hey, did you see The Lego Movie?
Stephen Hawking: What a jackass.
