Scene: The apartment. Leonard enters, drops his keys in the bowl by the door, then collapses onto the settee. Sheldon enters from the bedroom area.
Sheldon: Good morning, Leonard.
Leonard: Uh-huh.
Sheldon: Yeah, were going to have to stop by Pottery Barn on the way to work, I bought these Star Wars sheets but they turned out to be much too stimulating to be compatible with a good nights sleep. I dont like the way Darth Vader stares at me.
Leonard: Im not going to work.
Sheldon: Oh, just because your careers been stagnant for a few years, thats no reason to give up.
Leonard: Sheldon, I was up all night using the new free-electron laser for my X-ray diffraction experiment.
Sheldon: Did the laser accidentally burn out your retinas?
Leonard: No.
Sheldon: Then you can drive. Lets go.
Leonard: Didnt I tell you Id be working nights, and that youd have to make other arrangements.
Sheldon: You did.
Leonard: And?
Sheldon: I didnt. Lets go.
Leonard: Goodnight, Sheldon.
Sheldon: But how am I going to get to work?
Leonard: Take the bus.
Sheldon: I cant take the bus any more. They dont have seatbelts. And they wont let you lash yourself to the seat with bungee cords.
Leonard: You tried to lash yourself to the seat with bungee cords?
Sheldon: I didnt try, I succeeded. For some reason it alarmed the other passengers and I was asked to de-bus.
Leonard: Oh, youre a big boy, youll figure it out.
Sheldon: Dont talk to me like Im a child. Now, take me to return my star wars sheets!
Scene: Outside Pennys apartment.
 
Sheldon: (Knock, knock, knock) Penny, (knock, knock, knock) Penny, (knock, knock, knock) Penny
Penny (opening door): Sheldon, what is it?
Sheldon: Leonards asleep.
Penny: Thanks for the update (begins to close door.)
Sheldon: No, wait. You have to drive me to work.
Penny: Yeah, uh, I really dont think I do.
Sheldon: But I dont drive, and I cant take the bus.
Penny: Yeah, honey, youll be fine as long as you dont do that bungee cord thing, okay?
Sheldon: Penny. Didnt you recently state that you and I are friends?
Penny: Yes, Sheldon, we are friends.
Sheldon: Then I hereby invoke what Im given to understand is an integral part of the implied covenant of friendship. The favour.
Penny: Oh, dear God.
Sheldon: Im sorry, I didnt realize I was interrupting your morning prayers. When youre done, well go.
Credits sequence.
 
Scene: Inside Pennys car.
Sheldon: Thank you for driving me to work.
Penny: You know this is my day off, Sheldon.
Sheldon: Oh, good. Im not keeping you from anything. Your check engine light is on.
Penny: Mm-hmm.
Sheldon: Typically thats an indicator. To, you know, check your engine.
Penny: Its fine, its been on for, like, a month.
Sheldon: Well, actually, that would be all the more reason to, you know, check your engine.
Penny: Sheldon, its fine.
Sheldon: If it were fine, the light wouldnt be on. Thats why the manufacturer installed that light, to let you know its not fine.
Penny: Uh, maybe the lights broken.
Sheldon: Is there a check the check engine light light? (Penny takes a drink of coffee) O-o-o-oh!
Penny: What?
Sheldon: Studies have shown that performing tasks such as eating, talking on a cell phone or drinking coffee while driving reduces ones reaction time by the same factor as an ounce of alcohol.
Penny: Do you have any alcohol?
Sheldon: Of course not.
Penny: Too bad.
Sheldon: Youre going up Euclid Avenue?
Penny: Mm-hmm.
Sheldon: Leonard takes Los Robles Avenue.
Penny: Well, good for Leonard.
Sheldon: Euclid Avenue is shorter as the crow flies, but it has speed bumps, which appreciably increase point-to-point drive time, making it the less efficient choice. But you have the conn. Of course, if youre not going to slow down for the speed bumps, I withdraw my previous objection. Heres a fun question. Do you know what the most common street name is?
Penny: No.
Sheldon: The answers tricky. Its Second Street. You see, youd think it would be First Street, but in most towns, First Street eventually gets renamed to something else, you know, like Main Street, Broad Street, Michigan Avenue. Leonard and I often use our commute time to exercise our minds with brain-teasers like that. We also play games. Would you like to play one?
Penny: No.
Sheldon: Oh, come on, its fun. Ooh! Another bump. Okay. Ill say an element, and uh, you say an element whose name starts with the last letter of the one I said, okay? Ill start. Helium. Now, you could say Mercury. That would give me a Y. Ooh. Very clever, thats a tough one. So I go Ytterbium, which gets you back to M. So you go Molybdenum, and I say Magnesium, you say Manganese, and I say Europium, and, and youre left with Mendelevium, and there are no more Ms because I believe that Meitnerium should still be called Ekairidium, so congratulations, you win. Do you wanna go again?
Penny: How about we just have a little quiet time now?
Sheldon: All right. Hmm, huh, Im sorry, Im finding your reckless nonchalance regarding the check-engine light to be very troubling.
Penny (Pulling over): Get out.
Sheldon: Well, I have to tell you that while I do have a theoretical understanding of the workings of an internal combustion engine, Im not sure Im capable of performing diagnostics.
Penny: I said, get out.
Sheldon: Okay. Ill give it a shot. (Gets out. Penny drives away.)
Scene: The university cafeteria. Sheldon enters. 
 
Sheldon: Oh, Leonard, there you are, Im ready to go home.
Leonard: I just got here.
Sheldon: Good, perfect timing.
Leonard: Sheldon, I told you, I only have access to the free-electron laser at night. I cant drive you for the next few weeks.
Sheldon: No, you said you couldnt drive me to work, this is from work.
Leonard: Howard, help me out here.
Howard: No, just for the fun of it, Im gonna take his side.
Sheldon: Now, how do you propose I get home?
Leonard: How did you get here in the first place?
Sheldon: Penny. But I sense thats no longer an option.
Leonard: Look, I need to get to the laser lab, youre just going to have to find someone else to take you home.
Howard: Oh damn, I picked the wrong side.
Scene: Howards motor scooter. Howard is driving, Sheldon is on the back clutching him for dear life and screaming. 
 
Sheldon: Aaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaa! Oh God, not Euclid Avenue! Aaaaaaaaaaaaaa!
Scene: Rajs car. 
 
Raj: Why did Howard leave you in the middle of the road anyway?
Sheldon: We had a difference of opinion.
Raj: Over what?
Sheldon: Whether or not he was trying to kill me. For the record, I maintain he was. Where are you going?
Raj: Im taking you home.
Sheldon: Oh, but Im not going home. Its Wednesday, Wednesday is new comic book day, we have to go to the comic book store. And then we have to stop at Soup Plantation, its creamy tomato soup day, and Radio Shack, theres a sale on triple-a batteries. Plus, we have to go to Pottery Barn and return my Star Wars sheets.
Raj: I have a better idea.
Sheldon: You want to go to pottery barn first?
Scene: Pennys apartment, she opens the door, Sheldon is stood outside with his Star Wars sheets.
 
Sheldon: Can you drive me to Pottery Barn? (She closes the door) Maybe if I turn off the night-light, I can keep the sheets.
Scene: The apartment. Sheldon enters from the bedroom area. Everyone else is present.
 
Sheldon: Good morning.
All: Good morning.
Leonard: Sheldon, sit down.
Sheldon: Shes in my spot. Dont look at me like that, everybody knows that my spot.
Penny: Sheldon, you know that we care about you.
Howard: And its because we care about you that weve decided we have to speak up.
Penny: Youre hurting the people around you, sweetie.
Leonard: So we made you an appointment, and we want you to keep it.
Sheldon: Department of motor vehicles new driver handbook? But I dont have a problem.
Leonard: Sheldon, you need to learn how to drive.
Howard: This madness has to stop.
Leonard: Pennys taking you to the DMV, Im going to bed.
Sheldon: Why Penny?
Leonard: Because rock breaks scissors, goodnight.
Penny: All right, come on Sheldon.
Sheldon: Hold on, I have one condition.
Penny: What?
Sheldon: We have to stop at Pottery Barn.
Penny: Okay.
Sheldon: And Radio Shack.
Penny: Fine.
Sheldon: And the comic book store.
Penny: All right! (They leave.)
Howard: Ooh, I want to go to the comic book store. (He leaves.)
Raj: I like comic books.
Scene: The DMV.
 
Sheldon: I just dont see why I need a drivers license, Albert Einstein never had a drivers license.
Howard: Yeah, but Albert Einstein didnt make me wet myself at 40 miles an hour.
Penny: Yeah, and I never wanted to kick Albert Einstein in the nuts. You know, I gotta ask, why didnt you just get a license at 16 like everybody else?
Sheldon: I was otherwise engaged.
Penny: Doing what?
Sheldon: Examining perturbative amplitudes in n=4 supersymmetric theories leading to a re-examination of the ultraviolet properties of multi-loop n=8 supergravity using modern twistor theory.
Penny: Well, how bout when you were 17?
DMV Lady (to the person ahead of Sheldon in the queue): Take this to the testing area, put your name at the top, sign the bottom, answer the questions, bring it back, next! (Sheldon moves forward) Application?
Sheldon: Im actually more of a theorist.
Howard: The application in your hand, give it to her.
Sheldon: Oh.
DMV Lady: Take this to the testing area, put your name at the top, sign the bottom, answer the questions, bring it back, next!
Sheldon: Excuse me, but I have some concerns about these questions.
DMV Lady: Look at that sign up there.
Sheldon: Yes?
DMV Lady: Does it say I give a damn?
Sheldon: No.
DMV Lady: Thats because I dont.
Sheldon: Just, look, see, this first question makes no sense, how many car lengths should you leave in front of you when driving? Theres no possible way to answer that, a car length is not a standardized unit of measure.
DMV Lady: Look at the sign.
Penny: Sheldon, its C, just put down C.
Sheldon: I dont need your help, Penny.
DMV Lady: Listen to that little girl, honey, put C. Next!
Sheldon: No, no, wait, no, hang on, look at this next question.
Howard: Sheldon, why are you arguing with the DMV?
Sheldon: How else are they going to learn? Look, question 2, when are roadways most slippery? Now, okay, there are three answers, none of which are correct. The correct answer is, when covered by a film of liquid sufficient to reduce the coefficient of static friction between the tire and the road to essentially zero, but not so deep as to introduce a new source of friction.
DMV Lady: Heres your learners permit. Go away.
Sheldon: But Im not done. I have many additional concerns about these questions.
DMV Lady: Dont make me climb over this counter.
Penny: Come on, lets go.
DMV Lady: Next!
Sheldon: Aced it.
Scene: The apartment. Howard is setting up a large kit of high tech equipment.
 
Howard: Okay, thats it, lets boot it up.
Leonard: Booting.
Howard: This is a state-of-the-art simulator. I adapted it from something a friend of mine designed for the army.
Sheldon: Is that why I appear to be in downtown Fallujah, behind the wheel of an up-armored Humvee?
Howard: I havent configured it yet. Lets see Bradley tank transport truck Batmobile
Sheldon: Ooh!
Leonard: No.
Howard: Here we go, red 2006 Ford Taurus on the streets of Pasadena.
Sheldon (sucking in breath): Hmmmm?
Howard: What?
Sheldon: Statistically, red cars are stopped by police far more often than any other colour. I dont want any hassles with the fuzz.
Howard: Fine, what colour do you want?
Sheldon: You know the pale blue of Luke Skywalkers lightsaber, before it was digitally remastered?
Howard: Black it is.
Leonard: Okay, now, what you want to do first is turn on the ignition and shift into drive.
Sheldon: I havent fastened my seat belt yet.
Leonard: Okay, fasten your seat belt.
Sheldon: Click. Now, are there air bags?
Leonard: You dont need air bags.
Sheldon: What if a simulated van rear-ends me?
Penny: Ill hit you in the face with a pillow.
Leonard: Okay, now shift into drive, pull out slowly into traffic.
(General panic)
 
Penny: Oh.
Leonard: Oh.
Howard: Oh.
Leonard: Watch out.
Howard: Oh God!
Leonard: Watch, watch out, watch out for pedestrians!
Penny: Oh God, wait, slow, hit the brakes, hit the brakes!
(Sounds of car crashing. Penny hits Sheldon in face with pillow.)
Sheldon: Thank you.
Scene: The same, only Sheldon and Leonard are present. Sheldon is practicing. There are sounds of squealing tyres and brakes and general panic and mayhem.
 
Sheldon: Sorry excuse me my bad student driver
Leonard: How did you manage to get on the second floor of the Glendale galleria?
Sheldon: I dont know. I was on the Pasadena freeway, I missed my exit, flew off the overpass, and one thing led to another.
Leonard: Maybe you want to give it a rest and try again tomorrow.
Sheldon: No. I quit. (Stands up. There is more sound of crashing and panic, then animal noises.)
Leonard: Aw, the pet store?
Sheldon: Remind me to compliment Wolowitz on the software, its amazingly detailed.
Leonard: So wait,youre just gonna give up?
Sheldon: No, Im not giving up, I never give up.
Leonard: So what is it youre doing?
Sheldon: Im transcending the situation. Im clearly too evolved for driving.
Leonard: What does that mean?
Sheldon: Leonard, have you ever wondered why my little toes and lateral incisors are significantly smaller than the average for someone of my size?
Leonard: I wonder a lot of things about you, Sheldon, but not not that.
Sheldon: Well, those are indicators that Im farther along the evolutionary scale than the average human.
Leonard: No kidding.
Sheldon: Well, no, no, Im not going to go so far as to say that I represent a distinct new stage in humankind, you know, a Homo Novus, if you will, no, thats for anthropologists to decide. But I am convinced that the reason I cannot master the plebeian task of driving is because Im not meant to.
Leonard: Yes, you are, youre meant to learn how to drive. Please learn how to drive!
Sheldon: No, no. Leonard, Im meant for greater things, like unraveling the mysteries of the universe, not determining when its safe to pass a stopped school bus on a country road.
Leonard: Its never safe.
Sheldon: Yeah, well, I know that now.
Leonard: Fine. Assuming that everything you say is true, how does the biologically superior Homo Novus get to work tomorrow morning?
Sheldon: Homo Novus doesnt know.
Leonard: Well, hang in there, maybe youll evolve into something with wings.
Scene: A corridor in the university. Sheldon emerges from his office in a shower cap and bathrobe. The others are turning the corner. 
 
Sheldon: Good morning, gentlemen.
Leonard: Hey.
Raj: Good morning. Is there some new kind of casual Friday I dont know about?
Leonard: No, he lives here now.
Howard: Really? Why?
Leonard: Well, since he wont take the bus and hes too evolved to drive, he decided it would be easier to just sleep in his office and shower in the radiation lab until Im finished with my experiment.
Raj: But you finished your experiment a week ago.
Leonard: Yep
Scene: The cafeteria, late at night. Two cleaning ladies enter and find a plate with toast crusts.
 
Cleaning Lady 1 (in Spanish, subtitles): Oh my God, again?
Cleaning Lady 2: It must be rats.
Cleaning Lady 1: Rats dont make toast and cut off the crust.  
 
(They are startled by a noise. One of them drops the plate, it smashes on the floor. Sheldon is by the drink machine, he is wearing a cloak with a hood)
 
Sheldon: You saw nothing! (Sweeps hood around himself and vanishes through cafeteria door.)  
