Scene: The comic book store.
Howard: Sheldon, youre wrong. Wolverine was not born with bone claws.
Sheldon: Howard, you know me to be a very smart man. Dont you think if I were wrong, Id know it?
Howard: Okay, first of all
Raj: Give it up, dude, youre arguing with a crazy person.
Sheldon: Im not crazy. My mother had me tested.
Leonard: Hey, guys.
Howard: What are you doing here?
Leonard: What do you mean? Its new comic book night.
Raj: Yeah, but since you and Penny finally hooked up, we thought you two would be having bouncy naked yum-yum night.
Leonard: Theres more to life than sex, Raj.
Howard: Okay, who had Leonard flames out with Penny in less than 24 hours?
Sheldon: I did.
Leonard: Nothing flamed out. We dont have to have sex every night, you know.
Howard: You dont have to, but its highly recommended.
Raj: Yeah, take advantage of that window of opportunity before it slams shut on your little dinky.
Leonard: Its not a matter of opportunity. Were getting to know each other. Theres a learning curve.
Howard: Whats there to learn? You get naked, do nasty things to each other, then somebody makes scrambled eggs and salami. Easy peasy.
Sheldon: Perhaps what Leonard is obliquely referring to is the occurrence of some sort of sexual dysfunction.
Raj: Okay, who had Leonard gets a floppy disk?
Sheldon: Oh, a clever, albeit obsolete, euphemism for insufficient blood flow to the male sex organ.
Leonard: Nothing like that happened, all right? The sex was just fine.
Raj: Just fine? Oh, dude, the fourth Harry Potter movie was just fine.
Leonard: Im not saying it was bad, Im just saying it wasnt great.
Howard: Okay, when you say it wasnt great, do you mean for both of you? Because we can totally see it not being great for her. Am I right?
Raj: Oh, yeah.
Leonard: To tell you the truth, I think we were both a little, I dont know
Raj: Disappointed? Let down?
Howard: Ashamed? Horrified? Repulsed?
Leonard: All I know is, it wasnt the way I dreamed it would be.
Howard: Sex is never the way I dream its gonna be.
Raj: Thats because in your dreams youre a horse from the waist down.
Sheldon: Excuse me, Wolverine: Origin. Miniseries issue two, page 22. Retractable bone claws. If you people spent less time thinking about sex and more time concentrating on comic books, wed have far fewer of these embarrassing moments.
Credits Sequence
Scene: The apartment.
Leonard: Sheldon, dinners here.
Sheldon: Tandoori Palace?
Leonard: No, we went somewhere new.
Sheldon: Youre good-naturedly ribbing me, arent you?
Leonard: No, look, Mumbai Palace.
Sheldon: Why? Why would we change? We had a perfectly good palace. Tandoori Palace is our palace.
Leonard: Trust me, this will be just fine.
Howard: You are the authority on just fine.
Leonard: Whats that supposed to mean?
Howard (after Raj whispers to him): Yeah, exactly. Not bad, but not great.
Penny: What are they talking about?
Leonard: I dont know
Sheldon: I know. As Im sure youre aware
Leonard: Duh-duh-duh-duh-duh-duh.
Sheldon: If thats Morse code, thats terrible. As I was saying, you and Leonard had a disappointing sexual encounter. Earlier this evening, Leonard characterized it as just fine. So what youre seeing here is a continuation of the mocking that followed.
Penny: Okay, yeah, well, Im just gonna go eat my dinner elsewhere. Maybe an airplane headed for a mountainside.
Leonard: Penny, wait. Aagh! What is wrong with you?
Sheldon: I sense I may have crossed some sort of line.
Raj: Yeah, you
Howard: Uh, no, no, no, dont tell him, lets see if he can figure it out.
Penny: Ugh, I am so embarrassed!
Leonard: Please dont be mad.
Penny: What did you tell them?
Leonard: Nothing bad, just that last night was fine.
Penny: Fine? You said it was fine?
Leonard: Yeah, its a perfectly good word. You put it in front of wine or dining, and youve really got something. Okay, well, let me ask you this, how was last night for you?
Penny: It was okay.
Leonard: Okay?
Penny: Yeah, its a perfectly good word. I mean, you put it in front of dokay and you really got something. All right, look, lets not overreact, you know? For a lot of couples, it takes time to get to know each others rhythms. Learn what the other person wants and likes.
Leonard: So, youve been through this before?
Penny: No.
Leonard: Okay-dokay.
Penny: You know, I think this is one of those things where talking about it is not going to make it better. Want a glass of wine?
Leonard: So much.
Penny: Okay. See, we shouldve done this last night, you know, have a little wine, take the edge off.
Leonard: Actually, ethyl alcohol inhibits electrical conduction in the nerve cells and stimulates reuptake receptors of inhibitory neurotransmitters like gamma-aminobutyric acid.
Penny: Dont talk, just drink.
Howard: No, youre misunderstanding. A shiksa goddess isnt an actual goddess and we dont pray to them, we prey on them.
Raj: Whatever, dude. The point is, Leonards got one and you dont.
Sheldon: Is this it? It was inappropriate to discuss Leonard and Pennys sex life in front of Leonard and Penny. (Howard indicates that he has got it.) Oh, good! Now I can eat.
Raj: Whats that?
Howard: Sounds like a cricket.
Sheldon: Hang on. Based on the number of chirps per minute and the ambient temperature in this room, it is a snowy tree cricket.
Howard: Oh, give me a frickin break. How could you possibly know that?
Sheldon: In 1890, Emile Dolbear determined that there was a fixed relationship between the number of chirps per minute of the snowy tree cricket and the ambient temperature. A precise relationship that is not present with ordinary field crickets.
Raj: How do you know what the exact temperature of the room is?
Sheldon: Under the terms of my roommate agreement with Leonard, Ive had unilateral control of the thermostat ever since the sweaty night of 06.
Howard: Okay, you were right about Wolverine and bone claws, but youre wrong about the cricket.
Sheldon: Howard, dont embarrass yourself, the science chirps for itself. Humorous word play.
Howard: No, no, not this time. I know insects, my friend, I spent many childhood years capturing them with nets, putting them in glass jars, sticking pins through them, mounting them on corrugated cardboard with Dymo labels underneath, identifying the genus and species. In Latin.
Raj: Oh, dude, you are never getting a shiksa goddess.
Sheldon: That is a snowy tree cricket. Oecanthus fultoni. I was done with Latin by fifth grade.
Howard: Okay, okay, tell you what. I am willing to bet anything thats an ordinary field cricket.
Sheldon: I cant take your money.
Howard: Whats the matter, you chicken?
Sheldon: Ive always found that an inappropriate slur. Chickens are not, by nature, at all timid. In fact, when I was young, my neighbours chicken got loose and chased me up the big elm tree in front of our house.
Raj: Chickens cant climb trees
Sheldon: Thank God.
Howard: Okay, I believe a chicken made you his bitch. But the cricket thing, I dont buy. Bet me.
Sheldon: Fair enough. What stake do you propose?
Howard: I will put up my Fantastic Four number 48, first appearance of Silver Surfer against your Flash 123, the classic Flash of two worlds issue.
Sheldon: All right, you have a wager.
Howard: Hmm.
Raj: Great. Now how are you going to settle it, hmm? There is no way to determine the species of the cricket without examining it.
Slight time shift. The guys are searching for the cricket.
Raj: I wonder what the non-pathetic people are doing tonight.
Scene: Pennys apartment, Penny and Leonard are kissing. They break and look at each other uncomfortably.
Leonard: More wine?
Penny: Hit me.
Scene: The apartment, the guys are still searching for the cricket. They are inside the cupboard.
Sheldon: I dont see anything.
Howard: Shh!
Raj: Hallway. (All try to exit at once and get stuck in doorway.)
Sheldon: One at a time. (Same thing happens again. Eventually they leave the apartment. There is a growling noise.) What was that?
Raj: My stomach. Indian food doesnt agree with me. Ironic, isnt it?
Howard: Shh! Elevator shaft.
Sheldon: Help me open it.
Howard: Are you crazy? We cant go down an empty elevator shaft.
Sheldon: Fine, if you dont want to proceed, then you forfeit the bet, and Ill take possession of your Fantastic Four.
Howard: Lets open her up.
Sheldon: Are you bothered that I can so easily manipulate you?
Howard: Dont push me, Sheldon. I may be small, but I took kung fu when I was 13, and I remember a good deal of it.
Sheldon: Oh, really? Well, I grew up with an older brother and a very contentious twin sister and I believe I could easily best you in any physical confrontation, be it noogies, swirlies or the classic why are you hitting yourself?
Raj: Ooh, big talk from a man who was once treed by a chicken.
Scene: Pennys apartment.
Leonard: What are we drinking now?
Penny: Peppermint schnapps.
Leonard: Why would you buy peppermint schnapps?
Penny: Because I like peppermint, and its fun to say schnapps. Hey, Leonard?
Leonard: What?
Penny: Schnapps.
Leonard: Schnapps. Youre right, that is fun.
Scene: The elevator shaft. Sheldon is inside.
Raj: Be careful.
Sheldon: If I were not being careful, your telling me to be careful would not make me careful.
Raj (hearing the cricket): Stairwell.
Sheldon: Uh-oh, flashlight went out. I need some batteries. Fellas? Hello? Its really dark down here.
Scene: Pennys bathroom. Leonard is vomiting in the toilet. 
Penny: Oh, sweetie. You really cant hold your liquor, can you?
Leonard: Im okay. Just a little mouthwash, and then Im gonna rock your world. (Penny vomits in sink) Are you okay? (Vomits in toilet again)
Scene: The university cafeteria. Raj has the cricket in a jar.
Raj: Ugh, Toby, what did you do in a past life to be so disgusting now?
Sheldon: His name isnt Toby. Toby is an absurd name for a cricket.
Raj: What would you name him?
Sheldon: An appropriate cricket name. For example, Jiminy.
Howard: All right, Sheldon, here we go, Kleingasts Field Guide to North American Insects. Hey, Toby. Right here, see it? The common field cricket, aka Gryllus assimilis, which is Latin for suck it, you lose.
Sheldon: Hang on. Voil, the snowy tree cricket, aka Oecanthus fultoni, which is Latin for Ill suck nothing. Of course Im joking because the Latin for that is nihil exsorbibo.
Howard: That is not Toby, this is Toby. Raj, what do you think?
Raj: Oh, I really dont care anymore
Leonard: God, I had the most horrible night.
Raj: What happened?
Sheldon: Obviously another carnal fiasco with the shiksi goddess.
Howard: Shiksa. Shik-sa.
Sheldon: Forgive me. Yiddish was not spoken in east Texas. And if it was, it wasnt spoken for long.
Howard: Yeah, fine, whatever. The point is, youre wrong again.
Sheldon: We havent established that Im wrong once.
Howard: All right. Tell you what, lets go down to the Entomology Department and let Professor
Crawley tell us what kind of cricket Toby is.
Sheldon: Hes a snowy tree cricket, and his name is Jiminy. (They leave) 
Leonard: I bet I could throw a rock in this room and come up with three better friends.
Scene: The Entomology Department.
 
Raj: Holy crap. Its like Silence of the Lambs down here. (Howard tickles the back of his neck. He screams) Dont do that!
Howard: Youre such a girl. Theyre just bugs.
Raj: Yeah, well, I dont like bugs, okay? They freak me out.
Sheldon: Interesting. Youre afraid of insects and women. Ladybugs must render you catatonic. It was a joke. I made it to lessen your discomfort. Youre welcome
Prof Crawley (arriving): Dont knock. Just walk in. Why be polite to the worlds leading expert on the dung beetle?
Sheldon: Excuse me, are you Professor Crawley?
Prof Crawley: Who wants to know?
Sheldon: Im Dr. Cooper from the Physics Department.
Prof Crawley: Couldnt wait, huh?
Sheldon: Im sorry?
Prof Crawley: I havent even packed yet, and youre already measuring my lab for one of your godless laser machines.
Howard: No, you dont understand. We just want to ask you a question.
Prof Crawley: Let me ask you one first. Whats a world renowned entomologist with a doctorate and 20 years of experience to do with his life when the university cuts off the funding for his lab, huh?
Raj: Ask rhetorical questions that make people uncomfortable?
Prof Crawley: Whats your deal? Are they planning to outsource my job to Bangalore?
Raj: Im from New Delhi. Maybe you should find another entomologist.
Sheldon: No, no. Were here, lets settle this. Professor, can you identify our cricket?
Prof Crawley: Of course I can. I can identify every insect and arachnid on the planet. Not that thats going to keep me from having to move in with my daughter in Oxnard. And were not talking Oxnard at the beach. No! Were talking Oxnard in the onion fields.
Howard: Well, could you look at Toby?
Prof Crawley: Toby? What a stupid name for a cricket.
Sheldon: Told you.
Prof Crawley: Its a field cricket.
Howard: Yes!
Sheldon: No, no, wait. Dr. Crawley, are you sure?
Prof Crawley: Young man, Ive been studying insects since I was eight years old. You know what they used to call me in school? Creepy Crawley.
Sheldon: Cruel as that may be, that is not in itself a credential.
Prof Crawley: Let me show you something. See that? Thats a Crawleys dung beetle. I discovered it after spending six months slogging through a Bornean rain forest, while my wife was back home shacking up with a two-bit ornithologist who lives on a sailboat and likes to wear boot-cut jeans! So, when I tell you that thats a common field cricket, you can take that to the damn bank! Cause God knows I cant. That tramp took me for everything!
Sheldon: Well, apparently, I was wrong. Congratulations.
Raj: Enjoy Oxnard. Im sure your daughters looking forward to having you.
Scene: The lobby.
Penny: Oh, hey, Sheldon. What you got there? A new comic book?
Sheldon: Old comic book. I just retrieved it from my safe deposit box.
Penny: What do you have a safe deposit box for?
Sheldon: Old comic books. I lost this to Wolowitz in an ill-considered cricket wager.
Penny: What, do they have Wii cricket now? That cant be very popular.
Sheldon: Penny, Id rather not talk about it.
Penny: Well, if it makes you feel any better, Im not feeling so hot either.
Sheldon: Why would that make me feel better?
Penny: I dont know, empathy? Anyway, Im just saying that youre feeling upset about something with Howard, and Im upset about something with Leonard.
Sheldon: Yes, yes, the disappointing sex. Thats an inexact parallel. You and Leonard can always return to being friends, whereas I can never return to a state in which Wolowitz has not bested me like Mrs. Rileys chicken.
Penny: Whats Mrs. Rileys chicken?
Sheldon: A chicken that was owned by Mrs. Riley.
Penny: Okay, forget the chicken.
Sheldon: Well, I wish I could.
Penny: No, no. You may be right about me and Leonard.
Sheldon: Of course Im right What are the odds Id be wrong twice in one week?
Penny: No, I mean, we can always go back to being friends.
Sheldon: I just said that. This conversation has started to circle. Meeting adjourned.
Scene: The apartment
Sheldon: Hello.
Leonard: Hey. Whats going on?
Sheldon: Oh, youd like to catch up on the events of the day. All right. Well, there was a half-hour wait at the bank to get into my safe deposit box, I was forced to talk to Penny about your sexual problems, and, oh, yes, in a moment filled with biblical resonance, pride wenteth before my fall, causing my Flash 123 to goeth to Wolowitz.
Leonard: Wait a minute. You talked to Penny about our sex life?
Sheldon: Leonard, it astonishes me how you continually fixate on the trivial. I lost a bet to Wolowitz.
Leonard: Right, right. Youre saying you talked to Penny?
Sheldon: Yes.
Leonard: Interesting.
Sheldon: Hardly.
Leonard: Excuse me.
Sheldon: Have I crossed some sort of line again?
Leonard: Little bit. (Exits)
Sheldon: Hmm. Oh, who cares?
Scene: Pennys doorway.
Penny: Oh, hey.
Leonard: Hey. Uh, what did Sheldon say to you?
Penny: Not a lot. Just that we always have the option of going back to being friends.
Leonard: Is that what you want?
Penny: I dont know. I mean, you have to admit things seemed simpler when we were just friends.
Leonard: I guess.
Penny: It would take the pressure off.
Leonard: It would, wouldnt it?
Penny: So, well just be friends.
Leonard: Good, good.
Penny: Come here. (She gives him a hug. It turns into a big kiss.)
 
Leonard (closing door): Okay-dokay
