Scene: The apartment. Sheldon is steaming a Star Trek uniform.
Leonard: Hey, will you steam my uniform next?
Sheldon: Interesting. Do you recall this conversation? Leonard, want to go halfsies on a steamer? No, Sheldon, we dont need a steamer. Looks like that rumpled chickens come home to roost.
Penny: Hi. Here are the make-up sponges you asked for.
Leonard: Oh, thanks, I thought I had more.
Penny: Damn, youve got more makeup than I do. Youve got better makeup than I do. Yeah, Im borrowing this.
Leonard: Hey, hey, hey, hey. This is my Comic-Con makeup. I love you, but there are some things a man doesnt share with his girlfriend.
Sheldon: Thats a wise policy. I once borrowed my sisters makeup for a costume contest. Got a terrible case of pinkeye. But luckily, I was going as a zombie. I won second place.
Penny: I feel like you guys just went to Comic-Con.
Leonard: That was San Diego Comic-Con. This is Bakersfield Comic-Con.
Penny: Is that better?
Leonard: Well, its a lot smaller. Its more about the comic books. The way these conventions used to be before they went all Hollywood.
Sheldon: So to answer your question, no, its not better.
Penny: Well, then why are you going?
Sheldon: Its a comic book convention. You know, its like pizza or particle accelerators, even the stinky ones still pretty good.
Penny: All right. Well, you guys have fun. I guess Ill see you Sunday night.
Leonard: Yeah.
Penny: Okay.
Leonard: Oh, hang on a second. (Hands her the days newspaper) Hold this. (Photographs the two of them together)
Penny: What was that for?
Leonard: To show people when they dont believe me.
Credits sequence.
Scene: A restaurant.
Penny: Oh, this is the best. You have booze with breakfast on a Tuesday, you got a problem. You do it on the weekend, you got brunch.
Amy: Sheldon doesnt believe in brunch. He cant stand being at a table where one persons having an omelette and another persons having a sandwich.
Bernadette: Hes not exhausting at all.
Penny (receiving text): Oh. Its Leonard. He says theyre on the road and headed for Bakersfield at warp speed. Maybe its the mimosa, but Im gonna give the kid an LOL.
Bernadette: Its cute how excited they are. You should have seen Howard sewing his costume all week for the convention.
Amy: When did Howard learn to sew?
Bernadette: When he was a little boy, every couple months, he would have to let his moms pants out.
Amy: I dont even understand why they go to these conventions.
Penny: I know. The four of them work at a major university. Theyre all super smart. How can they still be into something made for 12-year-olds?
Bernadette: I dont mind it. I think Howies just in touch with his inner child. Although when he comes to bed in his Batman pyjamas, sometimes it feels like Im touching his inner child.
Amy: Its probably because they were bullied growing up. In a world where you cant fight back, superheroes provide meaningful wish-fulfillment.
Penny: Mmmm. Now I feel bad for picking on all those kids. Although, in my defence, if Danny Biffle didnt want to eat a mouthful of dirt, he shouldnt have shown up to school wearing a bow tie.
Bernadette: Ive never even read a comic book. You guys?
Penny: Uh-uh.
Amy: No.
Bernadette: I mean, its such an important part of their lives. Maybe we should try reading some.
Amy: Seriously?
Bernadette: The comic book store isnt far from here.
Penny: That is an amazing idea. Okay, how many of these have I had?
Scene: Leonards car.
Sheldon: I think you should turn on the GPS.
Leonard: It is on.
Sheldon: But the turn-by-turn voice option isnt on. I know Id feel more safe if you turn on the turn-by-turn voice option. I love the turn-by-turn voice option.
Howard: Has it really only been ten miles?
Leonard: Im turning it on, but just to shut you up.
GPS (in Sheldons voice): Leonard, bear left and continue on Interstate 210.
Sheldon: Ooh, sounds like that fellow knows what hes talking about. Id put on my listening ears if I were you.
Leonard: What did you do?
Sheldon: I found a hack online. I was able to upload MP3 recordings of my voice to your GPS.
Raj: That is so cool.
Leonard: Counterpoint, no, its not.
GPS: Continue on Interstate 210 for five miles. Heres an interesting fact about interstates.
Leonard: Really?
Sheldon: Shh, he said its interesting.
GPS: Interstates are numbered as follows. Even-numbered routes run east and west, odd-numbered routes run north and south. Three-digit route numbers indicate bypasses or spurs.
Howard: Look, Leonard, theres a bridge. Drive off it.
Raj: You know, were not that far from Vazquez Rocks.
Sheldon: Oh, they shot a lot of Star Trek episodes out there.
Howard: Weve got our costumes in the trunk. We could go there and have a little photo shoot.
Raj: Great idea. I havent had a carbohydrate in two weeks. These cheekbones need to be in front of a camera before I eat a pretzel and theyre gone.
Leonard: Yeah, that sounds fun.
Sheldon: Oh, smashing. Now, Leonard, do you know how to get there?
Leonard: No.
Sheldon: Yeah, well luckily, someone in the car does.
GPS: Recalculating. While were waiting, do you know which president signed the Intestate Highway System Act into law? The answer, coming up in 14 miles.
Sheldon: None of you will get it. Its Eisenhower.
Scene: The comic book store.
Bernadette: Why are they staring?
Amy: Who cares? Just soak it in. Hello, boys.
Stuart: Oh, hey. Could you please stop staring? Theyre just girls. Its nothing you havent seen in movies or in drawings.
Penny: Hey, Stuart.
Stuart: What brings you guys here?
Bernadette: We were looking for a recommendation about comic books.
Stuart: Oh, well, I recommend you dont open a store and sell them.
Penny: No, we were just wondering why the guys like this stuff so much, so we thought wed give it a try.
Stuart: Oh, okay. What do you think you might be into? Superhero, fantasy, graphic novels, manga I swear I will turn a hose on you.
Bernadette: What kind of comics do the guys like?
Stuart: Um, a little bit of everything. Mostly superhero stuff.
Amy: All right, well, whos the best superhero?
Stuart: Shh! You cant ask a question like that in here. Are you trying to start a rumble?
Penny: Well then, what do you recommend?
Stuart: Well, uh, lets see. Youve got your basic clean-cut good guys, Superman, Spider-Man, Captain America. Then you have your darker anti-heroes, your Batman, your Wolverine, Punisher.
Amy: Ooh, I do love a bad boy.
Penny: As evidenced by your boyfriend and his fear of hamsters.
Stuart: If I were you, Id go for Fables number one. The artwork is sophisticated, its intelligently written, and it doesnt objectify or stereotype women.
Penny: Ooh, Thor! Hes hot.
Stuart: Yeah, he kind of is.
Scene: Vasquez Rocks. Sheldon, dressed as Data, is having his makeup put on by Raj, dressed as Worf.
Raj: And were blending, and were blending, and were done.
Sheldon: I know Mr. Data isnt supposed to smile, but here it comes.
Howard (dressed as a Borg): Come on, guys. Lets do this.
Leonard (dressed as Captain Picard): Yeah, Im sweating my bald cap off.
Howard: So whats our first pose going to be?
Raj: I say we begin with a classic Star Trek fight scene.
Leonard: Ill set the timer.
Howard: Sheldon, how is that a fight pose?
Sheldon: Mr. Datas weapon is his mind. Im wielding it.
Raj: Phasers on the Borg! Charlies Angels.
Howard: Okay, whats next?
Raj: Now lets do some sexy glamour shots. Ill set the mood. (Rhythmically) Oontz, oontz, oontz, oontz, oontz, oontz, oontz, oontz, oontz, oontz, oontz, oontz, oontz, oontz, oontz, oontz, Yeah, nice one, oontz, oontz. Thats right. Oontz, oontz, oontz, oontz, oontz, oontz, oontz
Howard: Oh, my God. Leonard, someones stealing your car!
Leonard: What? Hey, hey! Come back here!
Raj: Stop!
Sheldon: Stealing is against the law!
Leonard: I dont believe this.
Howard: Son of a bitch.
Raj: Ill call 911. What, oh, no, my phone is in my other pants.
Howard: Oh, so is mine.
Leonard: Mine, too. Anybody got any ideas?
Sheldon: Nope. The only thing left to do now is assign blame. (To Raj) Nice going.
Scene: The side of the road.
Leonard: What kind of a person steals another persons car in broad daylight?
Sheldon: What kind of person leaves his keys in the car?
Leonard: I thought we agreed this was all Koothrappalis fault.
Sheldon: Youre right. Nice going.
Howard: Car.
Raj: What is wrong with people? Why dont they stop?
Sheldon: Maybe were better off. What if we were to get in a car with a crazy person?
Leonard: Look at us, Sheldon. Were the crazy people.
Sheldon: Well, perhaps we should hold up a sign that assures passing motorists of our mental competence.
Howard: Good idea. Why dont you get started on that?
Leonard: Come on, lets just start walking. Theres got to be a gas station or something nearby.
Sheldon: What, you think just because youre wearing a captains uniform, youre in charge?
Leonard: Yes.
Sheldon: All right.
Scene: Pennys apartment.
Penny: Hmm, okay, Im done. How did you guys finish so fast?
Bernadette: I dont know, there were a lot of pictures, and one page only had the word brakkadoom!
Penny: Yeah, well, I have street smarts.
Bernadette: So, whatd you guys think?
Amy: Well, there was a lot of action.
Penny: Mmm.
Amy: And the story moved along at a brisk pace. It was, overall, whats the word Im looking for?
Penny: Stupid?
Amy: So stupid.
Penny: I dont know how Leonard can get so caught up in this.
Bernadette: Its crazy, they spend hours arguing about things that dont even exist.
Amy: What a waste of time.
Penny: I know. A hammer so heavy that no one else can pick it up?
Bernadette: I dont think its heavy. Its some sort of magic, so only Thor can lift it.
Penny: That makes even less sense, I mean
Amy: No, no, no, it doesnt. Thor is a god. The hammer is his, only he can use it. Its like Sheldon and his toothbrush. Or his thin, beckoning lips.
Penny: Okay, hang on, what if Thors hand is on the hammer? I mean, if hes touching it with his god magic, does that mean I could lift it?
Bernadette: No.
Amy: Yes.
Penny: Well, which is it?
Amy: Maybe we missed something.
Bernadette: Lets read it again.
Penny: Okay.
Amy: Yeah.
Bernadette: You want some tea?
Amy: Good idea. Ill help you.
Penny: Wait, I thought we were reading.
Amy: We are. Were just, uh, giving you a head start.
Scene: The desert.
Howard: I wish my mom was here. We could all hang out in her shadow.
Raj: Wool pants in the desert. I feel like Ive got poached testicles.
Leonard: Oh, you poor thing, youre sweating. Thats so much worse than having your car stolen.
Raj: Insurance is gonna buy you a new car. Its not gonna de-funk my junk.
Sheldon: Gentlemen, a little less bellyaching. Were Starfleet officers and a member of the Borg Collective.
Leonard: Please, Sheldon, I am so not in the mood.
Sheldon: Leonard, all our lives we have dreamed of finding ourselves inside one of the fantasy worlds we love. And look at us. At this moment, we are, in fact, a Star Trek landing party stranded in an alien and unforgiving environment, relying only on our wits, our fortitude and our moxie. As long as we have those things, nothing can stop
Guys in Passing Car (throwing a drink over Sheldon): Nerds!
Sheldon: I hate this planet.
Scene: Pennys Apartment.
Amy: It says right here on the hammer, whoever holds this hammer, if he be worthy, shall possess the power of Thor.
Bernadette: Hold on, who decides whos worthy? Does the hammer decide?
Penny: Yes!
Amy: No! It cant decide. Its a hammer.
Penny: You said its a magic hammer.
Amy: Yeah, but, it cant make decisions.
Penny: If Harry Potters wand can make decisions, why cant Thors hammer?
Amy: Okay, if youre going to start comparing wands and hammers, I cant even take you seriously.
Scene: A diner.
Sheldon: Hello. Hello. Uh, uh, uh, four glasses of water, please. Anything for you guys?
Leonard: Can I use your phone? Our car got stolen.
Waitress: Why dont you ask Scotty to beam you up?
Sheldon: Scotty was on the original series, and were Next Generation. So, jokes on you.
Howard: Were not with him.
Scene: Pennys apartment.
Amy: You cant pick something up in outer space. In space, there is no up.
Penny: Oh, yeah? Then how does the sun come up every day?
Amy: Hard to argue with those kind of street smarts.
Bernadette: Leonard and Sheldon have boxes of comics across the hall. Why dont we go look at those?
Penny: Oh, great. Yes. And then you will see, I am not wrong, because if we were in outer space, then anyone could pick up the hammer because it would be floating around in a weightless environment. Yeah, thats right, the slow reader used science. Suck on that.
Scene: The diner.
Policeman: Was there anything valuable in the car?
Leonard: Our clothes, our wallets, phones.
Raj: And about three hundred dollars worth of makeup, so this thief could look like anyone right now.
Policeman: Makeup? Sure.
Leonard: Uh, were going to the Comic-Con in Bakersfield. They have a big costume contest. Its cooler than it sounds.
Policeman: I dont know, sounds pretty cool.
Raj: It, it is. Its not just comic books. Theyve got action figures, toys, a Tron-themed dance party.
Leonard: Okay, he gets how cool it is.
Policeman: I think I have all I need here. You guys need me to call someone? Im guessing your moms?
Leonard: Thanks, but weve got it covered.
Howard: Okay, I just talked to my mom. She arranged for us to get a rental car.
Raj: Great. We can still make it to Comic-Con.
Leonard: Are you kidding me? After all weve been through, I just want to go home.
Raj: Dont be like that. Come on, Howard, talk to him.
Howard: Im with Leonard. Im done.
Raj: Fine, then I guess its two against two. How do we decide?
Sheldon: Actually, its three against one.
Raj: What? What about the mission? You said we were a real-life landing party.
Sheldon: Yeah, well, were not. Were an imaginary landing party who had real-life garbage thrown at us by real-life strangers who think were idiots. And to tell you the truth, Im starting to feel like one. I want to go home now.
Raj: Okay. Did we at least rent the car from Enterprise? Get it? Enterprise? Screw you. Thats funny.
Scene: The apartment.
Bernadette: Well, what if the Hulk picked up Thor while Thor is holding the hammer?
Amy: Yeah?
Bernadette: Then by the transitive property of picking things up, Hulk picked up the hammer.
Amy: No. Hulk picked up Thor, Thor picked up the hammer.
Penny: Okay, hang on. If I go to a bar and pick up a guy, and he picks up a girl, and then we all leave together, did I pick up the girl?
Amy: Did that ever happen?
Penny: Hey, are we talking about me or are we talking about Thor?
Scene: The stairwell.
Sheldon: Well, I say thats the last time we ever go outside.
Amy (off): Look, right here. Red Hulk is picking up Thors hammer cause Thors touching it.
Penny (off): No, its because theyre in space. Hes really just touching the strap.
Amy(off): The strap is part of the hammer.
Bernadette (off): No, its not!
Raj: Are they actually arguing about comic books?
Leonard: No, that cant be right.
Howard: Maybe Thors Hammer is a new colour of nail polish.
Bernadette (off): Then Red Hulk must be worthy.
Penny (off): How could Red Hulk be worthy?
Bernadette (off): You dont know his life.
Sheldon: Theres only one logical explanation. Somewhere in the desert we crossed into an alternate dimension where the women in our lives can finally appreciate great literature.
Raj: If its an alternate dimension, sounds like a job for a landing party.
Sheldon: Captain, what are your orders?
Leonard: I say we investigate.
Sheldon: Wait. They might be hostile.
Leonard: Fine, but set them to stun. If we vaporize Penny, Ill never find a girlfriend that pretty again.
Scene: Leonards car.
GPS: Fun fact, President Eisenhower signed the Federal Aid Highway Act from his hospital room.
First Car Thief: Wow, that is interesting.
Second Car Thief: You learn something new every day.
GPS: Say, can you name the four state capitols that are not served by the interstate system?
First Car Thief: Ooh, another quiz.
Second Car Thief: Yes!
