Scene: The apartment. 
Sheldon: Oh look, Saturn 3 is on.
Raj: I dont want to watch Saturn 3. Deep Space Nine is better.
Sheldon: How is Deep Space Nine better than Saturn 3?
Raj: Simple subtraction will tell you its six better.
Leonard: Compromise. Watch Babylon 5.
Sheldon: In what sense is that a compromise?
Leonard: Well, five is partway between three Never mind.
Raj: Ill tell you what, how about we go rock-paper-scissors?
Sheldon: Ooh, I dont think so. No, anecdotal evidence suggests that in the game of rock-paper-scissors, players familiar with each other will tie 75 to 80% of the time due to the limited number of outcomes. I suggest rock-paper-scissors- lizard-Spock.
Raj: What?
Sheldon: Its very simple. Look, scissors cuts paper. Paper covers rock. Rock crushes lizard. Lizard poisons Spock. Spock smashes scissors. Scissors decapitates lizard. Lizard eats paper. Paper disproves Spock. Spock vaporizes rock. And as it always has, rock crushes scissors.
Raj: Okay, I think I got it. (They prepare)
Together: Rock-paper-scissors- lizard-Spock! (Both hold up the symbol for Spock) Oh!
Howard (entering, wearing an eye patch): Hello, boys.
Leonard: Ahoy, matey.
Howard: Noticed the eye patch, did you? Its all part of a technique Ive been studying for picking up women. You employ a visual display designed to make yourself distinctive and memorable.
Sheldon: Oh yes, like the male peacock with brilliant plumage or the rutting baboon with engorged hindquarters.
Leonard: Or in this case, the bar mitzvah boy with pinkeye.
Howard: Mock me if you will, but it works. You show up at a club in something distinctive, scope out your target and toss out some negs.
Raj: What are negs?
Howard: A neg is a negative compliment that throws a pretty woman off her game, like Normally, Im not turned on by big teeth, but on you, they work. Ive got a whole list of em. Who wants to be my wingman?
Leonard: Youre not gonna need wingman, youre gonna need a paramedic.
Penny (entering): Howard, your scooters blocking my car. Aw, did you get pinkeye again?
Howard: Step one, she notices the eye patch. May I say, Penny, not a lot of women could look as hot as you do with such greasy hair? (She reaches out, pulls his eye patch away from his face, then lets go allowing the elastic to spring it back into place.)
Penny: Yeah, just move your stupid scooter before I pick it up and throw it in the dumpster.
Howard: Ow.
Credits sequence. 
 
Scene: The same.
Sheldon: Im sorry, but Im not going to watch the Clone Wars TV series until Ive seen the Clone Wars movie. I prefer to let George Lucas disappoint me in the order he intended.
Leonard: Well, I want to watch it now.
Sheldon: Then I believe weve arrived at another quintessential rock-paper-scissors- lizard-Spock moment.
Leonard: Watch whatever you want.
Raj: I saw what you did there.
Sheldon: What did I do?
Leonard (answering phone): Hello. Hey, Howard. Whats wrong? Okay. Okay, well be right there.
Sheldon: What happened?
Leonard: Howards at the Mars Rover lab. He says hes in trouble. Defcon 5.
Sheldon: Defcon 5? Well, theres no need to rush.
Leonard: What?
Sheldon: Defcon 5 means no danger. Defcon 1 is a crisis.
Leonard: How can 5 not be worse than 1?
Raj: Yeah, Star Trek V, worse than I.
Sheldon: Okay, first of all, thats a comparison of quality, not intensity. Secondly, Star Trek I is orders-of-magnitude worse than Star Trek V.
Raj: Are you joking? Star Trek V is the standard against which all badness is measured.
Sheldon: No, no, no. Star Trek V has specific failures in writing and direction, while Star Trek I fails across the board, art direction, costuming, music, sound editing.
Leonard: Can we just forget I said Defcon and go?
Raj: Star Trek V!
Scene: A corridor at the university
 
Sheldon: All right, will you at least stipulate that Star Trek IV: The Voyage Home is inarguably the best?
Raj: I have three words for you. Wrath of Khan.
Howard: Oh, thank God, youre here.
Leonard: Whats the emergency?
Howard: I got the Mars Rover stuck in a ditch.
Sheldon: Where?
Howard: On a dusty highway just outside Bakersfield. Where do you think? On Mars!
Woman (peering out of door): Howard, is everything okay?
Howard: Yeah, baby, Ill be right in.
Sheldon: You brought a girl to the Mars Rover control room?
Howard: Yeah, I picked her up in the bar. Shes a doctor. One free barium enema and my mother wont care shes not Jewish.
Leonard: Wait a minute, so the eye patch and the insults worked?
Howard: No, there were three other guys with eye patches, iIt was a fiasco. What did work was, Howd you like to visit a secret government facility?
Sheldon: So what exactly do you want us to do?
Howard: I need you and Raj to help me get the Rover out of the ditch, and I need you to get Stephanie out before somebody notices shes here. She doesnt exactly have clearance.
Sheldon: Really? They dont let strange women from honky-tonks come in and play with $200million government projects on distant planets?
Howard: Yes, I was bad. Maybe shell spank me. Can we please move on?
Girl: Hey, Howard, you know, its getting late, so do I get to drive this thing or what?
Howard: Yeah. No. Im sorry, but somethings come up. Kind of a Mars Rover, Mars Rover, can Howard come over, situation. So my friend Leonard is gonna take you home.
Girl: Oh, okay. Lets go, friend Leonard.
Leonard: Okay.
Howard: Ill call ya.
Girl: Yeah. So are you a scientist like Howard?
Leonard: No ones a scientist like Howard.
Howard: My mother is so gonna love her.
Sheldon: Oh, how nice. Maybe they can carpool when they visit you in federal prison.
Scene: Leonards car. Leonard and the girl are kissing.
Girl: Im sorry. I totally interrupted you. What, what, what were you saying?
Leonard: Just said Howards a terrific guy. Hes got a great sense of humour, he loves his mother, a lot, some people say too much.
Girl: I really like that youre such a loyal friend.
Leonard: Yeah, I am loyal. You know, if you look at the big picture. Just, out of curiosity, did he ever have a shot with you?
Girl: Are you insane? The guy was wearing an eye patch.
Leonard: Then why did you?
Girl: He said that I could drive a car on Mars.
Leonard: Got it. So, can I see you again?
Girl: Youre not gonna see me now.
Leonard: Ooh. Cool.
Scene: The Mars Rover control room.
 
Howard: Anything?
Raj: Actually, I was just checking my e-mail. But, uh, no, the Rover is not responding.
Sheldon: I believe the appropriate metaphor here involves a river of excrement and a Native American water vessel without any means of propulsion.
Howard: Hang on, theres got to be other options.
Raj: You could try calling Triple-A, but based on NASAs latest timetable, they wont get there for 35 years.
Sheldon: Plus I understand you have to be standing next to the vehicle with your card when they arrive.
Raj: Oh, snap.
Sheldon: Snap what?
Howard: OK, I guess we have to turn to Plan B.
Raj: Whats Plan B?
Howard: Erase all the hard drives, scrap the surveillance tapes, wipe our fingerprints off every surface and run.
Sheldon: Why wasnt that Plan A?
Scene: The apartment.
 
Voice from television: REPORTER: A NASA spokesman states that due to the loss of data, they will most likely be unable to determine the cause of the Mars Rovers malfunction. This is not the first time an exploratory mission to Mars has ended in disappointment.
Howard: Thank God for Plan B.
Penny: Howard, didnt you say you worked on the Mars Rover?
Howard: No, youre mistaken.
Penny: Yeah, when we first met, you said that if I went out with you, I could drive a car on Mars.
Howard: I dont know what youre talking about.
Leonard: Psst! Psst!
Sheldon: Will you all excuse me? Leonard is subtly signalling that hed like to talk to me in private.
Penny: No. Yeah, I remember specifically. You started by asking if I was from Mars because my ass was out of this world.
Howard: Well, that does sound like me, but no.
Sheldon: Is there some problem?
Leonard: Yeah. Listen, I have to kinda sneak out for a while.
Sheldon: All right, goodbye.
Leonard: No, wait! If anyone asks you where I went, you dont know.
Sheldon: Where are you going?
Leonard: I cant tell you that.
Sheldon: Who would ask me?
Leonard: I cant tell you that, either.
Sheldon: So you brought me in here to inform me that you cant tell me where youre going and you cant tell me who might ask?
Leonard: Yeah, I really didnt think this through.
Sheldon: Leonard, a moment.
Leonard: What?
Sheldon: If someone, and of course, we dont know who this would be, does ask where youve gone, what should I say?
Leonard: I dont know. Just tell them I went to the office.
Sheldon: Are you going to the office?
Leonard: No.
Sheldon: Then how can I say it convincingly?
Leonard: Just say, Leonard went to the office.
Sheldon: All right. Leonard went to (exaggerated) the office.
Leonard: What is? No, not like that! Just, Leonard went to the office.
Sheldon: This would have worked out a lot better if youd just told me you were going the office.
Leonard: Im going to the office.
Sheldon: See? Why dont I believe you?
Leonard: Im going out for a while.
Howard: Okay.
Sheldon: Doesnt anyone want to know where hes going?
Penny: Okay, where is he going?
Sheldon: Leonard is going to (exaggerated) the office.
Scene: The girls apartment.
Leonard: So how was work today?
Girl: Busy. I removed an appendix, a gall bladder and about a foot and a half of bowel.
Leonard: Im hoping thats three different guys.
Girl: No, just the one. He didnt make it. So, how was your day?
Leonard: Oh, you know, Im a physicist, so, I thought about stuff.
Girl: Thats it?
Leonard: Well, I wrote some of it down.
Girl: Are you done eating?
Leonard: Uh, yeah.
Girl: Oh, good. (Kisses him)
Leonard: If I knew you were waiting, I wouldve swallowed that lasagna whole.
Phone rings. Answering machine: Youve reached Dr. Stephanie Barnett. Leave a message. Beep.
Howard (voice): Hey, Steph, its me again, Howard. Listen, if youre free Friday, maybe we could have a little something to eat at my place. My mom cooks a hell of a brisket. Let me know. Its Howard.
Leonard: Ive had her brisket. Melts in your mouth.
Time shift
Steph: Maybe we should think about going to the bedroom.
Leonard: Thats a good idea. Theres a bed in there, and Im very, very, very pro-bed.
Phone rings. Answering machine: Youve reached Dr. Stephanie Barnett. Leave a message. Beep.
Howard (voice): Hey, its me again. Just want to let you know the head count for dinner Friday has gone up. My Aunt Betty and Uncle Elliot are coming in from Palm Springs. Oh, and if anybody should ask, youre half-Jewish on your mothers side. Okay, call me. Its Howard.
Leonard: Dont you think we should tell him youre not interested?
Steph: Do you want me to stop and call him back right now?
Leonard: Dear God, no!
Time shift
Steph (from bedroom door): Oh, Leonard
Phone rings. Answering machine: Youve reached Dr. Stephanie Barnett. Leave a message. Beep.
Howard (voice): Hey, its me again. Howard. Listen, my cousins from Fort Lauderdale are flying in to meet you so that means were gonna have to move the dinner to a restaurant.
Howards Mother (voice): Tell her were going to the Olive Garden! I have a coupon from the paper.
Howard (voice): Were not going to the Olive Garden, Mom!
Howards Mother (voice): Oh, Mr. Bigshot with his Red Lobster.
Howard (voice): Ill call you back when we firm up the details. Its Howard.
Scene: The laundry room
Penny: Oh, hey.
Leonard: Hey.
Penny: New shirts?
Leonard: Yeah, a couple.
Penny: Nice.
Leonard: Thank you.
Penny: So, whos the girl?
Leonard: Im sorry?
Penny: Well, last time you bought a new shirt was when we were dating.
Leonard: So, uh, what we did was in fact dating?
Penny: Well, yeah, we did have a date.
Leonard: Exactly. Thank you. Do me a favour, tell Koothrappali that next time you see him.
Penny: So, who is she?
Leonard: Oh, shes a doctor.
Penny: Oh, nice. A doctor doctor, or a you kind of doctor?
Leonard: Doctor doctor. Surgical resident. Smart, pretty. Let me ask you something. If your friend thinks hes dating someone, but hes not because, in fact, youre dating her, does that make you a bad person?
Penny: Well, that depends.
Leonard: On what?
Penny: Is that friend Wolowitz?
Leonard: Yeah.
Penny: Screw him. Youre fine.
Leonard: Are you sure?
Penny: Well, have you slept with her yet? You dog! Good for you.
Leonard: Does that change things?
Penny: No.
Leonard: So whyd you ask?
Penny: Im nosy. See ya.
Scene: Outside Howards front door.
 
Howards Mother (voice): Howard, get the door!
Howard (voice): Really? Is that what you do when someone knocks? Thank you. I had no idea! (opening door) Hey, buddy. What brings you to my little slice of hell?
Howards Mother (voice): Who is it?!
Howard: Its Leonard!
Howards Mother (voice): Youre gonna have to play outside! Im not dressed to receive!
Howard: No one cares, Ma! So, whats up?
Leonard: Listen, I need to talk to you about something.
Howard (his phone rings): Momentito. Yello. Oh, Stephanie, thanks for calling me back. I was worried Oh Uh-huh Uh-huh Uh-huh No, I understand Sure, we can be friends. Absolutely. Thanks for calling. Yeah, you have a nice day, too. (To Leonard) You are dead to me.
Scene: The apartment
 
Raj: Okay, who gets the extra dumpling?
All: Rock-paper-scissors- lizard-Spock.
Sheldon: Okay, one of us is going to have to stop putting up Spock.
Howard: How do we decide that?
All: Rock-paper-scissors-lizard-Spock. Oh!
Leonard: Oh, hey, guys.
Sheldon: Hello.
Raj: Hey.
Leonard: Hi, Howard. Howard?
Howard: Sheldon.
Sheldon: Howard is employing a schoolyard paradigm in which you are, for all intents and purposes, deceased. He intends to act on this by not speaking to you, feigning an inability to hear you when you speak and otherwise refusing to acknowledge your existence.
Leonard: Thats just ridiculous. Why are you cooperating with him?
Sheldon: I dont make the rules, Leonard.
Leonard: Howard, come on, I didnt plan on this. These things just happen. Usually not to me, but they do happen.
Howard: Did someone just feel a cold breeze?
Sheldon: I believe this is an extension of the death metaphor. The cold breeze is the so-called ectoplasmic issue of a disembodied soul passing by.
Raj: You know, screw it, Im just gonna eat the dumpling.
Leonard (answering door): Oh, hi, Steph, come on in.
Steph: Is this a bad time?
Leonard: Yeah, but I dont see a better one on the horizon, so
Howard: Oh, if it isnt Mrs. Dead to Me.
Steph: Hello, Howard.
Howard: Sheldon?
Sheldon: Look Im sorry, you violated the terms of your metaphor by acknowledging her existence. Im out.
Leonard: He just wont listen to me.
Steph: Okay, I guess itll just be the three of us then.
Leonard: Hmm. Lisas gonna be disappointed.
Steph: Yeah.
Howard: Lisa?
Steph: Yeah, my roommate. She just went through a really bad breakup and I thought she might like to meet somebody fun like you.
Howard: Leonard, Stephanie, youre alive, its a miracle!
Scene: The apartment kitchen. Howard is on the phone.
 
Howard: So, anyway, Lisa, I just wanted to tell you again how much I enjoyed the other night, and again, Im sorry for how it ended. But again, if you could let me know about Friday. My mother needs a head count so she can know how big a brisket to get.
Leonard: Howard, Howard, look at this.
Howard: Anyway, call me. Its Howard. 
Voice from TV: The possibility of life on Mars has long fascinated scientists and laypersons alike. Its unclear how the Mars Rover got into the crevice, but one things certain, the data which it has sent back contain the first clear indications that there may have been life on Mars. Its a scientific discovery that has staggering implications for all mankind. Unfortunately, well never know whos responsible.
Howard: Son of a bitch.
