Episode begins with a Previously on sequence before first scene.
Scene: Bernadettes bedroom.
Howard: Whats so funny?
Bernadette: Nothing. Just thinking about the noises people make during sex.
Howard: I do sometimes get a bit carried away, dont I?
Bernadette: Its cute. You sound a little like a drunken monkey. Ooh-ooh-ooh-ooh!
Howard: You know its meant as a compliment.
Bernadette: Thats how I take it.
Howard: This is perfect. I hope this moment never ends.
Bernadette: Me too.
Howard: Well, gotta go.
Bernadette: Oh! Already? Why dont you stay over?
Howard: Well, Id love to, but you know my mother needs me in the morning.
Bernadette: Please, I think the woman can manage to put a wig on by herself.
Howard: Its not just the wig. Its pinning her hair up, drawing on her eyebrows. Its a two-person job.
Bernadette: Its just, when you leave right after we make love, it makes me feel cheap.
Howard: Oh, honey, Im sorry. What can I do?
Bernadette: Stay.
Howard: Okay. Like, what, another five, ten minutes?
Bernadette: Go home.
Howard: Your call.
Bernadette: Howard, have you ever considered us living together?
Howard: Boy, I dont know. You, me, Ma living under the same roof?
Bernadette: No, I mean just you and me. You can move in here, or we can find a place.
Howard: Ive got a better solution.
Bernadette: What?
Howard: We wait for my moms heart to explode from all the salt she eats. Then we just stick her in the ground, flip her mattress and move into the big bedroom.
Bernadette: Great.
Howard: Look at us planning a future together.
Scene: Outside Howards house.
Mrs Wolowitz (voice): Whos there? Are you a sex criminal?
Howard: Sex criminals dont have keys, Ma.
Mrs Wolowitz: Where were you so late?
Howard: I was out with Bernadette.
Mrs Wolowitz: I know what that means, I watch Dr. Phil. I hope to God you used a condom!
Howard: Im not having this conversation with you, Ma!
Mrs Wolowitz: God forbid you get one of those new fancy sex diseases!
Howard: Nobody has a disease!
Mrs Wolowitz: I hope not. I share a toilet with you. Is that what you want? To give your mother herpes?
Howard: Thats it. I dont have to take this. Good luck with your eyebrows in the morning!
Mrs Wolowitz: Whos there? Are you a sex criminal?
Howard: Im still leaving! I just forgot my Claritin.
Credits sequence.
 
Scene: The apartment.
Leonard: Hey, whats up?
Howard: I need a place to crash.
Leonard: Uh, sure. Why?
Howard: Big fight with my mother.
Leonard: Still arguing over which CSI is the best?
Howard: No, we agreed they all have their merits. This was about Bernadette.
Sheldon: Whats going on?
Leonard: Howards gonna sleep here tonight. He had a fight with his mother.
Sheldon: Did you offer him a hot beverage?
Leonard: No.
Sheldon: Leonard, social protocol states when a friend is upset, you offer them a hot beverage, such as tea.
Howard: Tea does sound nice.
Sheldon: You heard the man, Leonard. And while youre at it, Im upset that we have an unannounced houseguest, so make me cocoa. Point of inquiry, given that Leonard is your secondary friend and Koothrappali is your primary friend, why didnt you seek refuge under his roof?
Howard: Theres no room. His sister is staying with him.
Leonard: Wait, wait. What?
Sheldon: Cocoa, Leonard. Focus. Im down in the dumps here.
Leonard: Priyas in town?
Howard: Yeah, some work thing. Anyway, my mother seems to think that Bernadette
Leonard: Hold on. When did Priya get here?
Howard: I dont know. A couple of days ago. The thing is, Bernadette doesnt like that I have to take care of my mother, and my mother doesnt trust Bernadette.
Leonard: Yeah, thats a real pickle. Bye.
Sheldon: Dont worry. As your tertiary friend, I am prepared to step in and comfort you.
Howard: Thats not really necessary.
Sheldon: No, no. Ill finish making the tea, while you narcissistically ramble on about whatevers troubling you.
Howard: Thanks.
Sheldon: Thats what tertiary friends are for.
Scene: Rajs Apartment. Leonard knocks on the door. 
Raj (inside): Who is it?
Leonard: Its Leonard.
Raj: You cant come in.
Leonard: I just want to talk to her.
Raj: I forbid it.
Priya: Open the door, Rajesh.
Raj: You heard me. I forbidded it.
Priya: Forbidded it?
Raj: Forbaded it?
Priya: Get out of the way. What are you doing here?
Leonard: What are you doing here?
Priya: I have business in Los Angeles.
Leonard: Why didnt you call?
Raj: Clearly, she was sending you a message to take a hike, Mike.
Priya: Im sorry. I thought about calling, but I just wasnt sure if seeing you was such a good idea.
Leonard: I know. Last time I came on too strong. Can we talk in private?
Raj: No!
Priya: Sure.
Raj: Its completely inappropriate for a single woman to entertain a man in private. If you insist on talking, you must do it on the couch! All right, you may talk in the bedroom, but I want this door to remain open! All right, just this once you may close the door. But keep in mind Ill be right out here monitoring the situation! (Dials phone) Oh, damn it. Leonard, when you get this message, call me. (Dials again) Priya, this is your brother. When you get this, tell Leonard to check his voicemail.
Scene: The Cheesecake Factory.
Sheldon: Would you be sleeping over again this evening? Because youre welcome to.
Howard: Thats very nice of you, but I made other plans.
Sheldon: Well, just keep in mind that should you ever need a slightly apathetic tertiary friend, I stand at the ready.
Priya: Hi, Howard. Hi, Sheldon.
Howard: Hey.
Sheldon: Hello.
Raj: Why are you holding hands? I forbid you to hold hands.
Priya: Rajesh, you know Leonard and I spent the night together.
Raj: Yeah, but you were just sleeping, because I forboded you to have sex.
Leonard: The word is forbade.
Raj: Are you sure? That doesnt sound right.
Priya: Listen, Rajesh, Leonard and I have decided to see each other again, and you dont get to tell me who I can and cant have a relationship with.
Sheldon: Actually, he can. The Hindu Code of Manu is very clear in these matters. If a womans father is not around, the duty of controlling her base desires falls to the closest male member of her family, in this case, Raj. The code also states that if she disobeys, she will be reborn in the womb of a jackal and tormented by diseases. If true, that seems like an awfully large gamble given that the prize is Leonard.
Raj: There it is, Priya. Were Indian. We believe this stuff.
Priya: I think it also says that if you eat beef, you need to live with cows for three months and drink their urine.
Raj: Some of it makes sense, some of its crazy. My point is, you cant go out with Leonard.
Penny (arriving): Who cant go out with Leonard?
Raj: My sister.
Leonard: Penny, this is Rajs sister, Priya.
Priya: Its very nice to meet you.
Penny: Oh, yeah, you, too.
Sheldon: Priya, if youre experiencing any tension or awkwardness, it may stem from the fact that Leonard and Penny used to, if I may quote Howard, do the dance with no pants.
Penny: Sheldon!
Leonard: Really?
Howard: Hey, Bernadette, can I talk to you for a second?
Bernadette: Sure.
Raj: Penny, you became disenchanted with Leonard as a lover. Would you please tell my sister why?
Howard: Listen, my moms going to Palm Springs to visit her sister. Thats two whole nights in a row I can sleep over with you all the way to morning. Unless the desert air dries out her sinuses, in which case Ill have to schlep out there with the big humidifier.
Bernadette: Thats it? Thats your big solution to all of our problems? If your moms nose holds up, we get two nights together?
Howard: Isnt that great?
Bernadette: No, its not great. You need to make a choice. Me or your mother.
Howard: Oh, uh
Bernadette: Wrong answer.
Howard: No, wait. You didnt let me finish.
Bernadette: Im listening.
Howard: Uh
Bernadette: Agh!
Scene: Pennys apartment. (groans)
Amy: I came as quickly as I could.
Penny: Okay. Why?
Amy: To comfort you, of course. Sheldon told me about Leonard dating Rajeshs sister. So I high-tailed it over here to pick up the pieces of your broken heart.
Penny: Amy, Im fine.
Amy: You dont have to be strong for me. Now lets talk about Priya, that man-stealing bitch.
Penny: What?
Amy: In situations like this, best girlfriends are often catty about the other woman. Rawr.
Penny: Really, I am not upset about Leonard and Priya.
Amy: Oh. Then perhaps you dont understand whats going on. Your former boyfriend has replaced you with what appears to be a very suitable mate. Arguably much more suitable than you.
Penny: Oh. Well, good for him. Hey, what do you mean, more suitable?
Amy: Well, granted, Penny, your secondary sexual characteristics are reasonably bodacious. But Priya is highly educated, shes an accomplished professional, and she comes from the culture that literally wrote the book on neat ways to have sex. Whereas you, on the other hand, are a community college dropout who comes from the culture that wrote the book on tipping cows.
Penny: Yeah. Okay, I got it. I got it. So, what is all that stuff?
Amy: This is a portable electroencephalogram. Im doing research on emotions and brain activity. So when you start crying, I can see which region of the brain is activated. Then Im going to stimulate the analogous area in the brain of a rhesus monkey and see if he cries. Cool, huh?
Scene: Bernadettes apartment. Howard knocks on door.
Howard: I choose you.
Bernadette: Really?
Howard: Yep. I moved out of my mothers house. Cord is cut. Im all yours.
Bernadette: What did she say when you told her?
Howard: I dont know. She hasnt responded to my email yet.
Bernadette: This is so great. I love you, Howard.
Howard: I love you, too. So whats for dinner?
Bernadette: Well, I dont really have much of anything in the house.
Howard: Thats fine. Why dont we go fool around in our bedroom? And then you can go shopping.
Scene: The apartment. 
Leonard: I thought maybe after we eat, we could see an early movie.
Priya: Id love that.
Leonard: I love the way you say, Id love that.
Raj: She says it the same way I do. Id love that. Everybody in India says it that way. Its not a big deal.
Priya: Rajesh, dont be a child.
Raj: Im not being a child. Leonard, I swear to God, if your sister ever comes to town, I shall have my way with her.
Leonard: My sisters 38 and married.
Raj: All the more shame that will fall upon the house of Hofstadter.
Penny: Ooh, I thought I smelled pizza.
Sheldon: Thats remarkable. If pepperoni were an explosive substance, you could replace German shepherds at our nations airports.
Priya: Hi. Penny, right?
Penny: Oh, yes. Hi, hi. Im sorry. I didnt know you had company. I dont want to impose.
Sheldon: No, no. Its not an imposition. At this point, in our ecosystem, you are akin to the plover, a small scavenging bird that eats extra food from between the teeth of crocodiles. Please, fly into our open maw, and have at it.
Penny: If I had more than a box of baking soda in my refrigerator, I wouldnt have to take that.
Amy: Hi, bestie.
Penny: Hi. So, um, Priya, youre a lawyer, right?
Priya: I know. Pretty boring, huh?
Leonard: Oh, come on. Its not boring at all. Shes currently helping set up a secondary derivative market which would allow overseas car firms to hedge their investments against potential advancements in battery technology. Hmm?
Priya: Thank you, Leonard. That doesnt make it sound boring at all.
Amy: So, how you holding up?
Penny: Im fine.
Amy: Oh, who are you kidding? Shes breathtaking.
Priya: So, Penny, Leonard tells me youre an actress. That must be pretty exciting.
Penny: Oh, yeah, yeah. Its real great. Today I drove to Van Nuys for an audition I thought was going to be for a cat food commercial. Turned out to be porn.
Sheldon: Did you get the part?
Penny: I didnt do the audition.
Sheldon: Given the state of your career, can you really afford to be picky?
Priya: I took acting classes when I was at Cambridge. I loved it. We did Taming of the Shrew.
Leonard: Oh, wow. I love Taming of the Shrew. I did a paper on it in high school. Who knows not where a wasp does wear his sting? In his tail.
Priya: In his tongue.
Leonard: Whose tongue?
Priya: Yours, if you talk of tails, and so farewell.
Leonard: What, with my tongue in your tail?
Amy: Im regretting my earlier cattiness. She is an absolute delight.
Scene: Bernadettes bedroom. 
Bernadette: Wow.
Howard: Wow, indeed.
Bernadette: I cant believe were finally living together.
Howard: Yeah. You know what would make this moment perfect?
Bernadette: What?
Howard: A little snack. You got any string cheese?
Bernadette: No. I, I might have some cheddar.
Howard: Not as good. You cant make strings with it. Remind me to put it on your shopping list.
Bernadette: Okay.
Howard: You have hypo-allergenic detergent?
Bernadette: No.
Howard: Better put it on the list. If you wash my underwear with regular soap, I get little red bumps on my tuchus.
Bernadette: Wait a second. Im doing your laundry?
Howard: Well, honey, its not gonna do itself. Oh, before I forget, tomorrow morning, youre driving me to the dentist.
Bernadette: I have to take you?
Howard: You dont have to take me. You get to take me.
Bernadette: Wait a minute. Are you telling me your mother usually takes you to the dentist?
Howard: Its not weird. Theres lots of kids there with their moms.
Bernadette: I cant believe this.
Howard: What? Its fun. If I have no cavities, afterwards, we go out for a treat.
Bernadette: All right, Howard, lets get something straight right now. Im not going to be your mother.
Howard: Whoa, whoa, whoa! Where did that come from?
Scene: Howards house. 
 
Mrs Wolowitz (off): Whos that? Is it a sex criminal?
Howard: Nobody wants to do that to you, Ma.
Mrs Wolowitz: Where were you?
Howard: Didnt you read my email?
Mrs Wolowitz: You know I cant turn on that ferkakta computer. I left you some brisket on the kitchen counter.
Howard: Thank you.
Mrs Wolowitz: Remember to floss after. We have the dentist in the morning!
Scene: Pennys apartment. 
 
Penny: Oh, hey. Whats up?
Amy: I just wanted to check in on you.
Penny: Why?
Amy: It seems like the appropriate thing to do when ones best friend finds herself replaced by a smart, beautiful woman with the smouldering sexuality of a crouched Bengal tiger.
Penny: I already told you, Im okay with it. I mean, if anything, Im quite pleased (starting to blub) that Leonard has found someone (starting to blub) that makes him so happy.
Amy: Its okay, its okay.
Penny: Thank you.
Amy: Now, lets get these electrodes attached and see whats going on in that pretty little noggin of yours.
Penny: Okay.
Scene: The apartment. 
Penny: I smell Chinese food.
Sheldon: Its actually Thai. Youre slipping.
Penny: Are Leonard and Priya here?
Sheldon: They went to Catalina for the weekend.
Penny: Oh. Wheres Raj?
Sheldon: At home, forbidding it.
Penny: How about Howard?
Sheldon: Im given to understand his mother grounded him for running away.
Penny: Oh, okay. Well, I guess its just the two of us, huh?
Sheldon: Actually, its the three of us.
Amy (on webcam): What up, bestie? Good news. Thanks to you, I was able to make a rhesus monkey cry like a disgraced televangelist.
Penny: Great.
Amy: So, you feeling better?
Penny: Not really.
Amy: Sheldon, you have a guest whos upset.
Sheldon: Right. Ill make tea.
Penny: Oh, sweetie, its okay. I dont want tea.
Sheldon: Im sorry. Its not optional.
