Scene: The apartment. Penny and Amy are playing a ski-ing game.
Penny: Wow, youre really good at this.
Amy: Well, I have an extremely low centre of gravity. Im like a pyramid.
Penny: How you doing over there?
Leonard: Oh, I hope its just a sprain. I cannot walk into that E.R. with another video game injury.
Penny: Hey, Sheldon, you want to play next?
Sheldon: Oh, I would, but Im on my way out.
Leonard: Where?
Sheldon: Texas.
Amy: Right now? Why?
Leonard: Is someone sick?
Sheldon: Yes. My sisters uterus came down with a baby.
Penny: Oh, shes pregnant? Thats great. Youre gone an uncle. Uncle Sheldon.
Sheldon: No, I will be Uncle Dr. Cooper.
Amy: How come you never said she was pregnant?
Sheldon: Well, I never told you about my brothers kidney stone. You want to hear about everything that comes out of my familys genitals?
Leonard: Well, congrats, and its nice youre gonna be there for your sister.
Sheldon: Yes. Im filling in for her husband whos recovering from a horrible motorcycle accident. Lucky duck.
Penny: Wow, so, how long will you be gone?
Sheldon: Well, shes due tomorrow. Although it did take her six years to finish high school, so who knows?
Amy: Can I give you a ride to the airport?
Sheldon: Oh, no, thank you, I dont want to be an inconvenience. Chop-chop, Leonard. We leave in ten minutes.
Credits sequence.
Scene: The apartment.
Leonard: All right, heres the deal. Sheldon is gone, so the tree decorating rules are out the window.
Penny: Yeah, which means we dont have to use his ridiculous ornament-spacing template.
Leonard: And Im happy to report its kickstarter campaign is holding strong at zero dollars.
Penny: Ah.
Raj: Wait, so Star Wars and Star Trek characters can go on the same branch?
Leonard: I know, its crazy. Welcome to the Thunderdome, people. (All whoop)
Howard: Ive never done this before. Its kind of fun.
Raj: Yeah, if your mom could see her little Bar Mitzvah boy right now, shed have a heart attack.
Bernadette: Good idea, Ill take a picture.
Penny: Honey, Im a little strapped for cash this year, so for Christmas I was thinking of giving you this.
Leonard: I love it.
Penny: Okay.
Leonard: But it is what you got me last year.
Penny: Yeah.
Leonard: And last night.
Stuart: Hello.
Various: Hey, Hi, Stuart. etc
Stuart: Oh, good, Im glad you guys didnt wait for me to start. Although you said seven and its, its seven, but thats fine.
Amy (ringing from tablet): Oh, its probably Sheldon. Hi, Sheldon. Everybodys here, say hi.
Penny: Hi. 
Leonard: Hey, buddy.
Raj: Hey.
Howard: Howdy.
Bernadette: Hi.
Stuart: Hello.
Sheldon: The second I go out of town you throw a Christmas party without me? 
Amy: Yeah, kinda.
Sheldon: Thats so thoughtful. You guys are the best.
Penny: Hey, hows your sister?
Sheldon: <i>She went into labor an hour ago.
Amy: Thats wonderful. So youre at the hospital?
Sheldon: No, she chose to have a home birth because she wants to live in the Stone Age and a cave wasnt available.
Raj: You know, many people believe that home births are better because the mother is in a warm, comfortable environment where she can be nurtured by loved ones.
Sheldon: And turn the bedroom floor into an amniotic Slip n Slide.
Mrs Cooper (off): Shelly, come on. Your sisters fully dilated and she wants a nice family picture before theres blood everywhere.
Sheldon: Oh, boy. I picked the wrong day to wear my good robot T-shirt.
Raj: If you were having Sheldons baby would you really want him in the room?
Penny: Yeah, if hes in the room when theyre making the baby, Ill give you ten dollars.
Bernadette: Hey, I brought over Its a Wonderful Life if you guys want to watch it later.
Amy: Oh, I love that movie.
Raj: Ive never seen it.
Stuart: Me neither.
Amy: Its great. Its Christmastime and Jimmy Stewarts really depressed and hes gonna jump off a bridge and kill himself.
Stuart: Dont need to see it. Living it.
Bernadette: But then he gets to see what the world would be like if hed never been born.
Penny: Hey, you ever imagine what that would be like? Not being born?
Leonard: (Knock, knock, knock) What do you think? (Knock, knock, knock) What do you think? (Knock, knock, knock) What do you think?
Amy: You make jokes about Sheldon, but if it werent for him, I dont think any of us would be sitting in this room right now.
Howard: Really? Sheldon not being here is the main reason Im in this room.
Amy: Its true. None of you would know me. You wouldnt know Bernadette. You wouldnt be dating Penny.
Leonard: You dont know that. Ive been going to the Cheesecake Factory for years. I could have picked her up. (General laughter) 
Penny: Oh, you werent joking.
Leonard: No.
Penny: Okay, sweetie, let me tell you exactly how that would have gone down.
Fantasy sequence in Cheesecake Factory.
Leonard: Im gonna do it. Im gonna ask her out.
Howard: Im gonna squirt chocolate milk out of my nipples. Sorry, I thought were saying things that are never gonna happen.
Raj: Maybe this time hes going to do it.
Howard: Hope youre thirsty, here it comes.
Leonard: Watch me.
Penny: Hey, you guys ready to order or you need a few minutes?
Leonard: I, uh, ah, um, I
Penny: A few minutes it is.
Raj: You didnt ask her out, but that was a lot of sounds.
Leonard: You guys are making me nervous.
Howard: Fine, then go talk to her on your own.
Leonard: I will. Excuse me.
Penny: Yeah?
Leonard: Hi, uh, um, Im Leonard?
Penny: Really? You dont sound so sure.
Leonard: No, I am he. Uh, any, anyway, um, theres been something Ive wanted to ask you for a long time. Um.
Penny: Whats that?
Leonard: Eh, uh, well, I was wondering, if youre not too busy, um, uh, if, if youd be interested in telling me where the restroom is?
Penny: I think youre too late.
End fantasy sequence
Leonard: Come on, I would not have peed my pants.
Howard: She nailed it.
Raj: Sounds about right.
Leonard: But, you forget, I did ask you out in real life.
Amy: Which couldnt have happened if you didnt live across the hall from her, which couldnt have happened without Sheldon. Same goes with you guys. If Leonard wasnt with Penny, she never would have set you up.
Howard: Doesnt matter. Bernadette still wouldve been working at The Cheesecake Factory, and I still wouldve been working this beefcake factory. You wouldve been all over me.
Bernadette: Well
Fantasy sequence in the Cheesecake Factory.
Bernadette: Hey, Penny, can I take that table?
Penny: Sure, why?
Bernadette: The one in the turtleneck is cute.
Raj: Open wide, here comes the happy train.
Howard: Mm-hmm, chug-a-chug-a, yum, yum.
Raj: Oh. Hang on. You got a, you got a little something. Ah.
Bernadette: Never mind.
End fantasy sequence.
Raj: Oh, man, that is so us.
Leonard: You know, maybe you and I wouldnt be together, but you wouldnt have done so great yourself.
Penny: Why? 
Leonard: Because I know exactly the kind of guy you wouldve ended up with.
Fantasy sequence in Pennys apartment.
Zack: Hey, babe.
Penny: Hey. Did you remember to pay the rent?
Zack: Better. I used the money to buy these magic beans.
End fantasy sequence.
Penny: Hey, he may be an idiot, but at least he didnt pee himself.
Leonard: Oh, hold on.
Fantasy sequence.
Zack: Aw, babe, I peed myself.
Penny: Me, too.
End fantasy sequence.
Leonard: The end.
Amy (Tablet ringing): Hi, Sheldon. Everything okay?
Sheldon: No, its not. Ive seen things. Lady things.
Amy: Listen to me. That is not the way they usually look.
Sheldon: Doesnt matter. This is no way to make new humans. People coming out of people. Its some kind of dirty magic show.
Mrs Cooper (off): Sheldon Lee Cooper. You get back in this room right now. And bring a mop.
Sheldon: Did you hear that? A mop. I have two PhDs yet somehow Im the janitor of my sisters birth canal.
Leonard: Hey, Sheldon sent us all an e-mail. Happy holidays from Texas. And theres pictures. Aah! Dont open them. Do not open them.
Penny: Oh, come on. Childbirth is a natural, beautiful, uuurgh, its like someone sawed a cow in half.
Raj: My fathers a gynaecologist, I think I can handle it. And, now, Im gay.
Bernadette: You know, I was thinking. Without Sheldon, most of us would have never met, but Penny would still live across from him. 
Amy: And with Leonard out of the picture, we all know what that would mean.
Penny: We do?
Fantasy sequence in the Laundry Room.
Penny: Hey, Sheldon.
Sheldon: Hello.
Penny: Doing laundry?
Sheldon: Of course Im doing laundry. Saturday night is laundry night, and Im in a laundry room, so, I believe your inference is justified.
Penny: Oh, my inference is justified. Sheldon, you are so funny. Anyway, I need to do my laundry, too, because these clothes are so dirty. Almost as dirty as the dirty girl whos wearing them.
End fantasy sequence.
Penny: Okay, thats enough.
Leonard: Disagree.
Raj: Keep going. 
Howard: More.
Fantasy sequence. 
Penny: So, what do you think?
Sheldon: A tad asymmetrical, but nothing to be concerned about.
Penny: Please, Sheldon. I need you.
Sheldon: To what?
Penny: To take me.
Sheldon: Im not taking you anywhere till you put on a shirt.
Penny: Come on, Sheldon. You and me right here.
Sheldon: Penny, for the thousandth time, Im saving myself for someone special. Perhaps a cute bespectacled neuroscientist with hair the color of mud. 
Penny: I think I know how to change your mind.
End fantasy sequence.
Leonard: Thats enough.
Raj: Ew.
Stuart: I was okay with it.
Amy (tablet ringing): Hows it going, Sheldon?
Sheldon: Actually, much better.
Leonard: Oh, good. Is the baby born yet?
Sheldon: I dont know. I just got back. 
Amy: Whered you go?
Sheldon: My mother asked me to get some towels. I took advantage of the vague request and went to Bed, Bath & Beyond. (Scream from other room) Excuse me, Im on the phone. So rude.
Amy: Heres another one. Penny, if it werent for Sheldon you never would have met comic book legend Stan Lee.
Penny: Great.
Raj: At least Leonard, Howard and I would have always been friends.
Bernadette: Hey, how come you three never got an apartment together?
Leonard: We talked about it, but Howard was in a pretty serious relationship with his mom.
Howard: I lived with her to save money.
Raj: Yeah, you didnt have to buy groceries cause you were breast-feeding.
Bernadette: Aw, so I guess if it werent for me, youd still be living with her, huh?
Howard: Not exactly.
Penny: What do you mean, not exactly?
Howard: Well, things would be a little different.
Fantasy sequence in Mrs Wolowitzs house.
Mrs Wolowitz (off): Howard, wheres my lunch? Im starving.
Howard: I know youre starving. The neighbours know youre starving. Theres starving people in Africa who know youre starving.
Mrs Wolowitz (off): Thats it? Theres not enough food.
Howard:Well, you cleaned out Earth. I dont know what else to do.
Bernadette: How is this any different?
Howard: You didnt let me finish. Here you go, Mother.
Dead Mrs Wolowitz: Youre a good boy, Howard, such a good boy.
End fantasy sequence.
Amy: Wait, did she die or did you kill her?
Howard: Eh, tomato, tomahto. The important thing is shes dead.
Bernadette: Hey, so how come you two didnt move in together?
Leonard: Oh, this guy wanted a place of his own because he was sure he was gonna be a ladies man.
Raj: Yeah, I was wrong. But I do think you and I would have had a great time.
Fantasy scene in Rajs apartment.
Raj: Come on, Leonard, dinner.
Fat Leonard: Coming.
Leonard: Hang on. Why would I be fat?
Raj: Youd have no girlfriend to see you naked, youd try to fill the void with food, and Im an enabler who once deep-fried a pancake.
Leonard: Why cant you be fat, too?
Fat Leonard: What do you want to do for dessert?
Fat Raj: I think theres still half a cake from breakfast.
Fat Leonard: No, theres not.
Fat Stuart: Hey, guys.
Fat Leonard and Raj: Stuart!
End fantasy sequence.
Raj: What are you doing?
Stuart: I just wanted to be in anyones story.
Raj: Yeah, but why are you fat?
Stuart: Cause Leonard was fat.
Penny: Amy, what about you? What do you think youd be doing if you never met Sheldon?
Amy: Its hard to say, my life would be so different.
Howard: You can say better. Sheldon cant hear you.
Amy: I dont know.
Fantasy sequence in Amys apartment.
Amy: Happy birthday to me, happy birthday to me, theres tears in the frosting, happy birthday to me. (Stuart honks a party hooter at her.)
End fantasy sequence.
Stuart: Ill stop now.
Amy (tablet ringing): Hows it going, Sheldon?
Sheldon: Thats it. The babys here. Its a boy.
Penny: Aw.
Amy: Yay.
Raj: Congrats.
Sheldon: Oh, thank you. I wasnt sure I was gonna to make it. But my mother gave me some ice chips, my sister told me to breathe, and I just thought to myself, Sheldon, if you can make it through the Green Lantern movie, you can make it through this.
Leonard: Well, good for you, buddy. Well let you get back in there.
Sheldon: Oh no, no, Im not going back in there. That baby is so irritating. He has literally been crying his entire life.
Howard: Aw, hes already taking after Uncle Shelly.
Amy: Come on, Sheldon, you should go.
Sheldon: Why?
Amy: Well, you always complain that you never had an intelligent role model growing up, and now you can be one for your nephew.
Sheldon: Ugh, all right, Ill go. But from what Ive seen, his attention span is as limited as his bladder control.
Bernadette: You actually got him to do it.
Rajj: Yeah, you keep saying how much Sheldon has affected all of us, but youve clearly had an impact on him.
Amy: If that were true, I wouldnt still be living alone. Well, not exactly alone. I do have a 50 pound sack of rice with one of Sheldons T-shirts on it.
Leonard: Im telling you, Sheldon cares for you more than you think.
Amy: I wish I could believe you. I also wish there wasnt a mouse living in Rice Sheldon.
Leonard: Hang on, Im gonna give you a little early Christmas present. Im gonna show you something, but if you ever told Sheldon hed probably never speak to me again. So, if you want to tell him, thats fine. Look.
Amy: I dont understand.
Leonard: He made you his screensaver.
Amy: Oh. Wow. I had no idea. He is so into me. Wait, wait, whered I go?
Leonard: Oh, well, its you, Swamp Thing, Stephen Hawking, Spider-Man, but, look, youre in the mix.
Amy: I am in the mix. And Im the hottest one.
Penny: Whos that?
Leonard: Oh, Madame Curie.
Amy: Thats fine, shes dead.
Scene: The stairwell.
Sheldon: You okay?
Amy: Just really glad youre back.
Sheldon: Me, too. I got a lot of TV to catch up on.
Amy: I missed you.
Sheldon: To quote Han Solo, I know.
Amy: Did you miss me?
Sheldon: I wouldve preferred to have you there with me.
Amy: Oh.
Sheldon: Or instead of me.
Amy: Did you hold the baby?
Sheldon: I did. 
Amy: And? How did it make you feel?
Sheldon: Looking into the blank, innocent eyes of a creature that couldnt begin to comprehend anything I was saying? Basically just another day at the office.
Fantasy sequence at the Cheesecake Factory.
Fat Leonard: Im gonna do it. Im gonna ask her out.
Howard: And chocolate milk is gonna squirt out of my nipples.
Fat Raj: Put up or shut up. You make it, Ill drink it.
Penny: You guys need anything else?
Fat Leonard: Uh, your phone number and one more cheesecake.
Penny: Im sorry, I have a boyfriend. In fact, there he is now. Ready to go, sweetheart?
Stuart: Not until I get my kiss.
