Scene: The Cheesecake Factory
Penny: Awkward silence, Sheldon on his phone, no touching. Somebodys having date night.
Amy: Its actually steamier than it looks. Sheldons looking up the phallic symbolism of root vegetables in Renaissance paintings.
Sheldon: Oh, no, I got bored with that. Im just browsing cuticle scissors on Amazon.
Penny: How do you not tear off his clothes and take him right here on this table?
Sheldon: If you do that, Ill scream.
Amy: Sheldon, I have some exciting news to tell you.
Sheldon: That makes two of us. My new cuticle scissors will be here in one to two business days. Come on, one.
Amy: Ive been invited to consult on an experiment at your university for a few months. Isnt that great? We could have lunch together. We could carpool. 
Sheldon: You know, riding with Leonard has gotten a little tedious lately. The only car game he ever wants to play is the Quiet Game. And hes terrible at it, I always win.
Amy: So, youre okay with this?
Sheldon: Well, why wouldnt I be?
Amy: Well, this project would have us working in close proximity to one another. And theres the vulgar adage that one should not defecate where one eats.
Sheldon: My father used to say that all the time. That and, um, who does one have to orally gratify to get a drink around here? But what does that have to do with you working at the university?
Amy: Sheldon, dont defecate where you eat means dont have a romantic relationship in the workplace.
Sheldon: Really?
Amy: Yes.
Sheldon: Huh. Yeah, I always took it literally. Thats why I have never once moved my bowels in this or any restaurant. Hmm.
Amy: Im relieved that you dont have a problem with us working together.
Sheldon: Not as relieved as Im about to be. Its a brave new world, little lady.
Credits sequence.
Scene: The apartment. 
Howard: Are you crazy? You dont want your girlfriend at work with you. Hell Clam.
Sheldon: Why not? Hairy Fairy.
Raj: I think it could be romantic. You know, my parents met at his place of work. 
Leonard: Your fathers a gynaecologist.
Raj: I know. What started as a pap smear turned into a date. Which turned into her working there, which turned into marriage, which then turned into hatred, which continues to this day. Two-Eyed Cyclops.
Howard: Would you please tell him this isnt a good idea?
Leonard: No, no, I think itll be great. Maybe next time he gets conjunctivitis at work, she can hold his head and try to put the drops in his eyes. Giant baby.
Sheldon: Thats a Raging Ogre.
Leonard: Yeah, I know.
Howard: Im just saying, Id never want to work with Bernadette. Can you imagine seeing someone all day long and then youre supposed to hang out with them after work, too?
Raj: Hold on. We do that all the time. You and I work together and play together.
Howard: Yeah, I know, and it drove me into the arms of another woman. Bipolar Bear.
Sheldon: Well, I appreciate your concern, but I wont be seeing any more of Amy than I already do. I assume well deduct any extra time we spend together at work from our weekly quota.
Leonard: Please let me be there when you tell her that.
Sheldon: Why? So you can see the look on Amys face when she hears my top-notch idea?
Leonard: Please, oh, please, just let me be there.
Scene: Pennys apartment.
Bernadette: So, Amy, what are you gonna be working on at Caltech?
Amy: Im leading a study to see if deficiency of the monoamine oxidase enzyme leads to paralyzing fear in monkeys.
Bernadette: If theyre anything like humans, the answers yes.
Amy: Wait, youve, youve done this experiment on humans?
Bernadette: You mean like death row inmates with nothing to lose? No, that would be unethical.
Penny: You know, not a lot of people know this, but the monoamine oxidase enzyme was discovered by a woman, Mary Bernheim. Thats right, my phone is just as smart as you guys.
Sheldon (off): (Knock, knock, knock) Amy, Bernadette, Penny. (Knock, knock, knock) Amy, Bernadette, Penny. (Knock, knock, knock) Amy, Bernadette, Penny.
Bernadette: Hes never gonna stop doing that, is he?
Amy: I dont mind. Im hoping to put his love of repetition to good use someday.
Sheldon: Hi. Um, Ive reconsidered. Uh, you cant work where I work. Enjoy the rest of your evening.
Amy: Sheldon. I already signed the contract. I cashed a cheque. 
Sheldon: Mmm, you are not going to come out of this looking good.
Penny: Sheldon, I dont understand. I thought you said you were fine with it.
Sheldon: Well, I was. But that was before Howard explained to me how awful it would be if he had to work with his significant other.
Bernadette: He said what?
Sheldon: Now, dont be insulted. He just thinks too much of you would be mind-numbingly tedious. 
Bernadette: Excuse me, I need to have a chat with my husband.
Sheldon: Yeah, well, now, well, keep it short. From what I gather, brevity is your friend. So, are we good here?
Amy: No, were not good here. I am working on this project.
Penny: Yeah, and you cant tell her what she can and cannot do.
Sheldon: Last week, you told Leonard he couldnt wear his Wookie jacket out in public.
Penny: Thats different. Im not going to the mall with someone dressed like a dumb space bear.
Amy: Sheldon, you dont have to worry about me bothering you. Ill be in a different building. And we dont even have to have lunch together.
Sheldon: Really?
Amy: Yes. Before all things, Im a scientist. Im just there to do my work and, with a little luck, scare the living crap out of some monkeys.
Sheldon: Hmm. You sure your mothlike personality wont be drawn to this blazing fire that is myself?
Amy: More and more sure.
Sheldon: Well, then, you have my permission.
Amy: I didnt ask for your permission.
Sheldon: Too late. No backsies.
Howard: No, no, listen to me. Sheldon misunderstood. What I meant was, if we worked together, thered be too much of me for you, not the other way around.
Sheldon: Howard, if youre going to lie to your wife, dont start the sentence with Sheldon misunderstood. Thats a dead giveaway.
Bernadette: Well?
Howard: Okay, fine. I did say that, and I think its true. I think if we worked together and lived together, wed get sick of each other.
Sheldon: Yeah, but to be fair, he only said the part about him getting sick of you.
Howard: For the love of God, why?
Bernadette: What exactly do you think youd get sick of?
Raj: His only options here are to fake a heart attack or have a real one.
Howard: Its nothing in particular. I
Bernadette: Is it my voice? Am I too bossy? What?
Howard: My arm is feeling numb.
Leonard: Nailed it.
Bernadette: Thats the wrong arm for a heart attack, doofus. 
Howard: My point is, Im sure there are things about me that would drive you crazy if you had to deal with them all day long.
Bernadette: Like looking me in the eye and lying to me?
Howard: Oh, well, come on, where am I supposed to look when I lie to you?
Bernadette: Find somewhere else to sleep tonight.
Howard: Bernie
Sheldon: If it makes you feel any better, Amy and I are fine. I mean, really good.
Scene: The cafeteria.
Leonard: So, boys, how was the pyjama party? You guys jump on the bed and sing into hair brushes?
Raj: It wasnt a pyjama party. It was just a couple of bros hanging out, giggling, eating cookie dough and watching Princess Bride.
Howard: Please, stop talking.
Raj: As you wish.
Howard: I mean, you know, Sheldon, none of this wouldve happened if I hadnt tried to help you.
Sheldon: Uh, it also wouldnt have happened if, in the early universe, hydrogen was a little more common or a little less common. This is fun. Your turn.
Amy: Gentlemen.
Raj: Amy.
Leonard: Hey.
Sheldon: Hello.
Leonard: That was kind of icy. You two okay?
Sheldon: Oh, were fine. As Howard advised, shes merely respecting our professional boundaries.
Leonard: Smart. Take relationship advice from a man who spent last night braiding Rajs hair.
Sheldon: Yeah, you make a good point. It would appear I was worried for nothing. Look at her, desperately wishing she was over here at the cool table. Dont worry, little moth. The flame will come to you.
Raj: Oh, uh, on the off chance that Bernadette doesnt call back and apologize, how do you feel about Mexican food for dinner tonight?
Howard: I dont know. Sounds kind of heavy.
Raj: Thats cause you always fill up on chips.
Amy: And this is Dr. Gunderson from Stockholm.
Sheldon: Ah, Sweden. Yeah, home of my favourite Muppet and, uh, second favourite meatball. Okay, the Nordic reputation for lack of humour is well-founded. Boy, is his name Gunderson or No-Funderson?
Amy: Where are we going with this, Dr. Cooper?
Sheldon: Oh, please, Im your boyfriend. You call me Sheldon. Thats right, I am in a boy-girl relationship with this cute little lump of wool.
Amy: Sheldon.
Sheldon: Its a physical relationship, too. Hand-holding, hugging, even on hot days. Ow. Okay, heres a new one. Apparently now we kick each other in the shin under the table. How do you like it when I do it to you? Not so much, huh?
Scene: Amys lab.
Amy: Test subject D7, aka Betsy, fear response study. Image number one, Frenchman on bicycle carrying baguettes. No visible reaction. Image number two, sousaphone. Still no reaction. Okay. Lets kick things up a notch. Image number three, crocodile with a mouthful of monkeys. Okay, now were talking.
Sheldon: Dr. Fowler?
Amy: What do you want, Sheldon?
Sheldon: Well, Im done with work, so ugh!
Amy: Oh, sorry, sorry, sorry. Sorry, uh, better?
Sheldon: Oh, baguettes. Yes, I like baguettes. What exactly are you doing?
Amy: Determining baseline fear levels in capuchin monkeys by measuring their response to visual stimuli.
Sheldon: So, goofing off. As I was saying, Im done with work and Leonards not. So good news, you get to take me home. Play your cards right, Ill let you drive me past the lot where the buses park at night.
Amy: I cant leave now, Sheldon. Im very busy. Besides, why would I want to do you a favour after the way you treated me in the cafeteria? Image number four, boa constrictor. 
Sheldon: What on earth are you talking about? My behaviour in the cafeteria was delightful. Maybe your friend Gunderson needs to head over to IKEA and assemble a sense of humour.
Amy: You embarrassed me in front of my colleagues on my first day here. Image number five, kitten in a teacup.
Sheldon: Aw. Embarrassed you?
Amy: You know what? I dont have time for this. Find another way home.
Sheldon: Im starting to get the sense that youre angry with me.
Amy: Really? What tipped you off?
Sheldon: Couple things, actually. Your tone of voice, your body language
Amy: Get out.
Sheldon: Well, now, that.
Amy: Image number six, woman giving birth.
Sheldon: Bleugh!
Scene: The apartment.
Leonard: Its nine oclock, where you been?
Sheldon: Oh, I had to take the bus home. Fell asleep and missed my stop.
Penny: Oh, no.
Sheldon: Did you know that Los Angeles has a Little Sri Lanka?
Leonard: I did not.
Sheldon: Well, I do now. Theyre a lovely people. Although terrifying when you wake up face-to-face with them. If youre hungry, I brought home some mutton and coconut milk.
Penny: Whyd you get that? You hate lamb.
Sheldon: I was asking for directions. Apparently, there was a communication problem.
Leonard: I thought Amy was gonna drive you home.
Sheldon: Yeah, I thought so, too, but shes acting very strangely. I was discussing it with a Sri Lankan fellow on the bus, and he hypothesized that a tiger may have recently run across her shadow. Although he may have just been trying to drum up business for his brother-in-laws witch doctor practice.
Penny: Okay, Sheldon, what happened between you and Amy?
Sheldon: Well, can you believe she said I embarrassed her?
Penny: Yeah.
Sheldon: But you didnt even hear the details.
Leonard: Sheldon, Ive known you a long time, and Im going to tell you this with all the love I can possibly muster. Amys right. Youre wrong.
Sheldon: But you dont even know
Leonard: Doesnt matter.
Sheldon: But, now, but in my defence
Leonard: Doesnt matter.
Sheldon: Youre not listening to my side of it.
Penny: Okay, fine, Sheldon. What is your side?
Sheldon: Well
Penny: Nope, got to go with Amy on this one.
Scene: Rajs apartment.
Howard: Ooh, shrimp was spicy.
Raj: You want a TUMS?
Howard: You got the tropical fruit kind?
Raj: No, if I buy those, I just go through them like candy.
Howard: Tell me about it. One time, I swear I pooped out a stick of chalk. (Knock on door) Ill get it.
Raj: Thanks.
Bernadette: Hi.
Howard: Oh, hi.
Bernadette: I may have overreacted.
Howard: Yeah, well, I didnt handle it so great, either.
Bernadette: Its just sometimes I feel like you enjoy spending time with your friends more than with me.
Howard: Thats not true.
Bernadette: Its not? You spend all day together at work, and then you all hang out at night playing games, going to the comic book store. Last week, you two got a couples massage. So, when you said you wouldnt want to spend that much time with me, it really hurt my feelings.
Howard: Oh, wow. Yeah, no, I get that. Im so sorry. Starting tomorrow, I am turning over a new leaf. Time with you is my number one priority.
Bernadette: Why tomorrow?
Howard: Well, were real close to finishing off the new Batman game.
Raj: It is awesome. Uh, you should probably go after her.
Howard: Should I go after you?
Bernadette (off): No!
Howard: Thanks for getting me in trouble.
Scene: Amys apartment.
Sheldon: (Knock, knock, knock) Amy. (Knock, knock, knock) Amy. (Knock, knock, knock) Amy.
Amy: Sheldon, what are you doing here so late?
Sheldon: I couldnt sleep because I kept thinking about what happened earlier between us. Also, I had one heck of a bus nap. Oh, speaking of which, do you want some mutton and coconut milk?
Amy: No.
Sheldon: Well, I cannot give this stuff away.
Amy: What do you want?
Sheldon: Amy, this isnt easy to say. All relationships are difficult, but even more so when youre in one with a person who struggles with everyday social interactions. And frankly, who can strike some people as being kind of a weirdo.
Amy: Sheldon, youre not a weirdo.
Sheldon: I wasnt speaking about me. I mean, honestly, theres no telling what will set you off. You know, introducing myself as your boyfriend. Giving you the opportunity to drive me home. Breaking the ice with your colleagues using ethnic humour, the funniest kind of humour.
Amy: Whats your point?
Sheldon: My point is, were a couple, and I like you for who you are, quirks and all.
Amy: I like you, too.
Sheldon: Well, I should hope so. I dont see anyone else banging on this door to put up with your nonsense. Not even a good-bye? You see, thats the kind of thing that makes people think youre weird. Poor kid. She just doesnt see it.
Scene: The Cheesecake Factory Bar.
Bernadette: Im not apologizing to Howard. He can come beg me on his knees.
Amy: Sheldon, too. If I see him at work, Im just going to ignore him.
Penny: All right, dont worry. I talked to Leonard. He is gonna sit the guys down and set them straight.
Scene: The apartment. 
Leonard: Lasers warmed up.
Howard: Pull.
All: Yeah!
