Scene: Lobby of the apartment building, Howard, Raj, Sheldon and Leonard enter in combat gear, covered in blue paint.
Raj: Okay, if no-one else will say it, I will. We really suck at paintball.
Howard: That was absolutely humiliating.
Leonard: Oh, come on, some battles you win, some battles you lose.
Howard: Yes, but you dont have to lose to Kyle Bernsteins Bar-Mitzvah party. 
Leonard: I think we have to acknowledge, those were some fairly savage pre-adolescent Jews. 
Sheldon: You know, we were annihilated by our own incompetence and the inability of some people to follow the chain of command. 
Leonard: Sheldon, let it go.
Sheldon: No, I want to talk about the fact that Wolowitz shot me in the back. 
Howard: I shot you for good reason, you were leading us into disaster. 
Sheldon: I was giving clear, concise orders. 
Leonard: You hid behind a tree yelling get the kid in the yarmulkah, get the kid in the yarmulkah.
Penny (arriving): Oh, hey guys.
Leonard: Hello Penny.
Howard: Morning maam. 
Penny: So, how was paintball, did you have fun?
Sheldon: Sure, if you consider being fragged by your own troops fun. (To Howard) You clear space on your calendar, there will be an enquiry.
Penny: Okay, um, oh hey, Im having a party on Saturday so if you guys are around you should come by.
Leonard: A party? 
Penny: Yeah.
Howard: A boy-girl party?
Penny: Well, there will be boys, and there will be girls, and it is a party. So, itll just be a bunch of my friends, well have some beer, do a little dancing
Sheldon: Dancing?
Leonard: Yeah, I dont know, Penny
Sheldon: The thing is, were not.
Leonard: Were really more.
Sheldon: No.
Leonard: But thanks, thanks for thinking of us.
Penny: Are you sure? Come on, its Halloween.
Sheldon: A Halloween party?
Howard: As in, costumes? 
Penny: Well, yeah. 
Leonard: Is there a theme?
Penny: Um, yeah, Halloween.
Sheldon: Yes, but are the costumes random, or genre specific? 
Penny: As usual, Im not following.
Leonard: Hes asking if we can come as anyone from science-fiction, fantasy
Penny: Sure.
Sheldon: What about comic-books?
Penny: Fine.
Sheldon: Anime?
Penny: Of course.
Sheldon: TV , film, D&D, Manga, Greek Gods, Roman Gods, Norse Gods
Penny: Anything you want, okay? Any costume you want. Bye. 
Howard: Gentlemen, to the sewing machines.
Credits Sequence
Scene: The apartment living room. There is a knock on the door.
Leonard (off): Ill get it. (He enters, wearing a Flash costume. Opens door.)
Howard (Entering at speed, also wearing a Flash costume): Bjow (They stare at each other in shock.)
Leonard: Oh, no. 
Sheldon: Oh no! (He is also wearing a Flash costume.)
Raj: Make way for the fastest man alive. (Enters, also in a Flash costume.) Oh no!
Sheldon: See, this is why I wanted to have a costume meeting. 
Leonard: We all have other costumes, we can change.
Raj: Or, we could walk right behind each other all night and look like one person going really fast. 
Howard: No, no, no, its a boy-girl party, this Flash runs solo. 
Leonard: Okay, how about this, nobody gets to be The Flash, we all change, agreed?
All: Agreed. 
Leonard: I call Frodo!
All: Damn!
Scene: The same, later. Leonard is dressed as Frodo. Howard appears to be Peter Pan. There is a knock on the door.
Raj (Entering dressed as Thor): Hey. Sorry Im late, but my hammer got stuck in the door on the bus.
Leonard: You went with Thor?
Raj: What? Just because Im Indian I cant be a Norse God? No, no, no, Raj has to be an Indian God. Thats racism. I mean, look at Wolowitz, hes not English, but hes dressed like Peter Pan. Sheldon(entering in a body suit featuring black and white vertical lines) is neither sound nor light, but hes obviously the Doppler Effect. 
Howard: Im not Peter Pan, Im Robin Hood. 
Raj: Really, because I saw Peter Pan, and youre dressed exactly like Cathy Rigby. She was a little bigger than you, but its basically the same look, man. 
Leonard: Hey, Sheldon, theres something I want to talk to you about before we go to the party.
Sheldon: I dont care if anybody gets it, Im going as the Doppler Effect. 
Leonard: No, its not
Sheldon: If I have to, I can demonstrate. Neeeeoooowwwww!
Leonard: Terrific. Um, this party is my first chance for Penny to see me in the context of her social group, and I need you not to embarrass me tonight. 
Sheldon: Well, what exactly do you mean by embarrass you?
Leonard: For example, tonight no-one needs to know that my middle name is Leakey. 
Sheldon: Well, theres nothing embarrassing about that, your father worked with Lewis Leakey, a great anthropologist. It had nothing to do with your bed-wetting. 
Leonard: All Im saying is that this party is the perfect opportunity for Penny to see me as a member of her peer group. A potential close friend and perhaps more. I dont want to look like a dork. 
Scene: The hallway. Howard knocks on Pennys door with his bow. 
Howard: Just a heads up fellas, if anyone gets lucky Ive got a dozen condoms in my quiver. 
Penny (opening door, not in costume): Oh, hey guys. 
Leonard: Hey, sorry were late. 
Penny: Late? Its 7:05.
Sheldon: And you said the party starts at seven. 
Penny: Well, yeah, when you start a party at seven, no-one shows up at, you know, seven. 
Sheldon: Its 7:05. 
Penny: Yes. Yes it is. Okay, well, um, come on in. 
Howard: What, are all the girls in the bathroom?
Penny: Probably, but in their own homes. 
Sheldon: So what time does the costume parade start? 
Penny: The parade?
Sheldon: Yeah, so the judges can give out the prizes for best costume, you know, most frightening, most authentic, most accurate visual representation of a scientific principle.
Penny: Oh, Sheldon, Im sorry but there arent going to be any parades or judges or prizes. 
Sheldon: This party is just going to suck. 
Penny: No, come on, its going to be fun, and you all look great, I mean, look at you, Thor, and, oh, Peter Pan, thats so cute.
Leonard: Actually, Penny, hes Rob
Howard: Im Peter Pan! And Ive got a handful of pixie dust with your name on it. 
Penny: No you dont. Oh, hey, whats Sheldon supposed to be.
Leonard: Oh, hes the Doppler Effect.
Sheldon: Yes. Its the apparent change in the frequency of a wave caused by relative motion between the source of the wave and the observer. 
Penny: Oh, sure, I see it now, the Doppler Effect. Alright, Ive got to shower, you guys um, make yourselves comfortable. 
Leonard: Okay. 
Sheldon: See, people get it. 
Time shift, the party is in full swing, the four guys are sitting together around the coffee table. 
Raj: Mmmm, by Odins beard, this is good Chex Mix. 
Howard: No thanks, peanuts, I cant afford to swell up in these tights. 
Sheldon: Im confused. If theres no costume parade, what are we doing here? 
Leonard: Were socialising. Meeting new people. 
Sheldon: Telepathically?
Penny (crossing the room in a cat costume, speaking to someone off-screen): Oh hey, when did you get here, Hi!
Raj: Penny is wearing the worst Catwoman costume I have ever seen, and that includes Halle Berrys.
Leonard: Shes not Catwoman, shes just a generic cat.
Sheldon: And thats the kind of sloppy costuming which results from a lack of rules and competition.
Howard: Hey guys, check out the sexy nurse. I believe its time for me to turn my head and cough. 
Raj: What is your move?
Howard: Im going to use the mirror technique. She brushes her hair back, I brush my hair back, she shrugs, I shrug, subconsciously shes thinking were in sync, we belong together.
Leonard: Where do you get this stuff?
Howard: You know, psychology journals, internet research, and theres this great show on VH1 about how to pick up girls. 
Raj: Oh, if only I had his confidence. I have such difficulty speaking to women. Or around women. Or at times, even effeminate men. 
Howard: If thats a working stethoscope, maybe youd like to hear my heart skip a beat.
Nurse Costume Girl: No thanks.
Howard: No, seriously, you can, I have transient idiopathic arrhythmia.
Leonard: I want to get to know Pennys friends, I just, I dont know how to talk to these people. 
Sheldon: Well, I actually might be able to help.
Leonard: How so?
Sheldon: Like Jane Goodall observing the apes, I initially saw their interactions as confusing and unstructured, but patterns emerge, they have their own language if you will. 
Leonard: Go on.
Sheldon: Well, it seems that the newcomer approaches the existing group with the greeting How wasted am I? which is met with an approving chorus of Dude.
Leonard: Then what happens?
Sheldon: Thats as far as Ive gotten.
Leonard: This is ridiculous, Im jumping in.
Sheldon: Good luck. 
Leonard: No, youre coming with me.
Sheldon: Oh, I hardly think so. 
Leonard: Come on.
Sheldon: Arent you afraid Ill embarrass you?
Leonard: Yes. But I need a wing-man.
Sheldon: Alright, but if were going to use flight metaphors Im much more suited to being the guy from the FAA, analysing wreckage. 
Girl in Hippie Costume: Oh, Hi!
Leonard: Hi.
Sheldon: Hello.
Girl: So, what are you supposed to be?
Sheldon: Me? Ill give you a hint. Neeeeooooowwwww!
Girl: Uh, a choo-choo train?
Sheldon: Close! Neeeeeoooooowwwww!
Girl: A brain damaged choo-choo train?
Girl in Butterfly Costume (dropping onto sofa next to Raj): How wasted am I? (Raj shrugs.)
Time shift. Sheldon and Leonard are now talking to a girl in a princess costume.
Sheldon: Neeeeeooooowwwwww!
Girl: I still dont get it.
Sheldon: Im the Doppler Effect. 
Girl: Okay, if that is some sort of learning disability, I think its very insensitive.
Leonard: Why dont you just tell people youre a zebra?
Sheldon: Well, why dont you just tell people youre one of the seven dwarves. 
Leonard: Because Im Frodo.
Sheldon: Yes, well, Im the Doppler Effect. 
Leonard: Oh no.
Sheldon: What?
Leonard: Thats Pennys ex-boyfriend.
Sheldon: What do you suppose hes doing here? Besides disrupting the local gravity field. 
Leonard: If he were any bigger, hed have moons orbiting him.
Sheldon: Oh, snap. So I guess well be leaving now. 
Leonard: Why should we leave? For all we know, he crashed the party and Penny doesnt even want him here. (Penny and Kurt hug).
Sheldon: You have a back-up hypothesis. 
Leonard: Maybe they just want to be friends. 
Sheldon: Or maybe she wants to be friends, and he wants something more. 
Leonard: Then he and I are on equal ground.
Sheldon: Yes, but youre much closer to it than he is. 
Leonard: Look, if this was 15,000 years ago, by virtue of his size and strength, Kurt would be entitled to his choice of female partners.
Sheldon: And male partners. Animal partners. Large primordial eggplants, pretty much whatever tickled his fancy. 
Leonard: Yes, but our society has undergone a paradigm shift, in the information age, Sheldon, you and I are the alpha males. We shouldnt have to back down. 
Sheldon: True. Why dont you text him that and see if he backs down?
Leonard: No. Im going to assert my dominance face to face. 
Sheldon: Face to face? Are you going to wait for him to sit down, or are you going to stand on a coffee table?
Leonard: Hello Penny. Hello Kurt.
Penny: Oh, hey guys. You having a good time?
Sheldon: Given the reaction to my costume, this party is a scathing indictment of the American education system. 
Kurt: What, youre a zebra, right?
Sheldon: Yet another child left behind. 
Kurt: And what are you supposed to be, an Elf?
Leonard: No, Im a Hobbit.
Kurt: Whats the difference? 
Leonard: Uh, a Hobbit is a mortal Halfling inhabitant of Middle Earth, whereas an Elf is an immortal tall warrior. 
Kurt: So why the hell would you want to be a Hobbit?
Sheldon: Because he is neither tall nor immortal, and none of us could be The Flash. 
Kurt: Well, whatever, why dont you go hop off on a quest, Im talking to Penny here.
Leonard: I think were all talking to Penny here.
Sheldon: Im not. No offence. 
Kurt: Okay, maybe you didnt hear me, go away.
Penny: Alright Kurt, be nice.
Kurt: Aw, I am being nice. Right little buddy.
Penny: Kurt!
Leonard: Okay, I understand your impulse to try to physically intimidate me. I mean, you cant compete with me on an intellectual level and so youre driven to animalistic puffery. 
Kurt: Are you calling me a puffy animal?
Penny: Of course not, no, hes not, youre not, right Leonard? 
Leonard: No, I said animalistic. Of course were all animals, but some of us have climbed a little higher on the evolutionary tree. 
Sheldon: If he understands that, youre in trouble. 
Kurt: So what, Im unevolved?
Sheldon: Youre in trouble. 
Kurt: You know, you use a lot of big words for such a little dwarf. 
Penny: Okay, Kurt, please.
Leonard: No, Penny, its okay, I can handle this. Im not a dwarf, Im a Hobbit. A Hobbit. Are misfiring neurons in your hippocampus preventing the conversion from short-term to long-term memory?
Kurt: Okay, now youre starting to make me mad. 
Leonard: A homo-habilus discovering his opposable thumbs says what?
Kurt: What?
Leonard: I think Ive made my point.
Kurt: Yeah, how about I make a point out of your pointy little head.
Sheldon: Let me remind you, while my moral support is absolute, in a physical confrontation I will be less than useless. 
Leonard: Theres not going to be a confrontation, in fact I doubt if he can even spell confrontation.
Kurt (physically lifting Leonard from the ground): C  O  N frontation!
Penny: Kurt, put him down this instant. 
Kurt: He started it.
Penny: I dont care, Im finishing it, put him down. 
Kurt: Fine. Youre one lucky little leprechaun. 
Sheldon: Hes a Hobbit! Ive got your back. 
Penny: Leonard, are you okay.
Leonard: Yeah, no, Im fine. Its good, its a good party, thanks for having us, its just getting a little late so.
Penny: Oh, okay, alright, well thank you for coming. 
Sheldon: Happy Halloween. (They leave) If its any consolation, I thought that homo-habilus line really put him in his place. 
Scene: The living room. Sheldon brings Leonard a cup of tea.
Leonard: Whats that?
Sheldon: Tea. When people are upset the cultural convention is to bring them hot beverages. There there. You want to talk about it?
Leonard: No.
Sheldon: Good. There there was really all I had. 
Leonard: Good night Sheldon.
Sheldon: Good night Leonard. 
Penny (knocking on door and entering): Hey Leonard.
Leonard: Hi Penny.
Penny: Hey, I just wanted to make sure youre okay.
Leonard: Im fine. 
Penny: Im so sorry about what happened.
Leonard: Its not your fault.
Penny: Yes it is. Thats why I broke up with him, he always does stuff like that. 
Leonard: So why was he at your party?
Penny: Well, I ran into him last week and, he was just, all apologetic, about how hes changed, he was just going on and on and I believed him, and Im an idiot because I always believe guys like that and I cant go back to my party because hes there, and I know you dont want to hear this and Im upset and Im really drunk and I just want to (bursts into tears and rests head on Leonards shoulder.)
Leonard: There there. 
Penny: God, what is wrong with me.
Leonard: Nothing, youre perfect.
Penny: Gah, Im not perfect.
Leonard: Yes you are. 
Penny: You really think so, dont you? (She kisses hm.)
Leonard: Penny?
Penny: Yeah. 
Leonard: How much have you had to drink tonight?
Penny: Just. a lot. 
Leonard: Are you sure that your being drunk, and your being angry with Kurt doesnt have something to do with whats going on here?
Penny: It might. Boy, youre really smart.
Leonard: Yeah, Im a frickin genius. 
Penny: Leonard, you are so great. Why cant all guys be like you? 
Leonard: Because if all guys were like me, the human race couldnt survive. 
Penny: I should probably go.
Leonard: Probably. 
Penny (in doorway): Thank you. (She kisses him again. Kurt is watching.)
Leonard: Thats right, you saw what you saw. Thats how we roll in The Shire. (Closes door quickly, locks and chains it.)
Scene: The apartment, there is a knock on the door. 
Sheldon: Coming. (Opens door to Howard.)
Howard: Hey, have you seen Koothrapali?
Sheldon: Hes not here. Maybe the Avenger summoned him. 
Howard: Hes not the Marvel comic story, hes the original Norse God. 
Sheldon: Thank you for the clarification. 
Howard: Im supposed to give him a ride home.
Sheldon: Well Im sure hell be fine. He has his hammer. 
Scene: A random bedroom. Butterfly costume girl is climbing off of Raj. 
Butterfly Girl: Wow, I have to say, you are an amazing man. Youre gentle and passionate, and my God, you are such a good listener! 
(Raj puts hands behind head with a smug expression on his face.)
