Scene: The apartment. Sheldon is on the phone.
Sheldon: Buona sera, Luigis Pizza. Buona sera. It means good evening in Italian. May I say, having to explain that to you calls into question the authenticity of your ristorante?
Leonard: Okay, Im out of here.
Sheldon: Un momento. Oh, for heavens sake, now youre being deliberately stupid. (to Leonard) Where are you going?
Leonard: Im having dinner with Priya at Rajs. I think Howards going to be there. You want to join us?
Sheldon: But tonights Thursday. On Thursdays, everybody comes over here and has pizza. Or a reasonable facsimile prepared by someone claiming to be Luigi, but who sounds suspiciously like Jackie Chan.
Leonard: Cant we make a one-time exception for tonight?
Sheldon: We could. We could also stop using the letter M, but I think that idea is isguided and oronic.
Leonard: Just come with me to Rajs.
Sheldon: Well, I dont want to go to a party.
Leonard: Its not a party. Its the same group of people who hang out here, hanging out over there.
Sheldon: Im sorry, but five people eating and chatting is a party.
Leonard: How come its not a party when we do it here?
Sheldon: Because we dont throw parties.
Leonard: I dont know what to tell you, Sheldon. Im going to see Priya. Everyones over there. You coming or not?
Sheldon: Well, no, sir, and do you know why? In a word, tradition. Every Thursday night for the last eight years, you and I and our friends have gathered here in this very spot to break bread covered with cheese and sauce, discuss the issues of the day, and yes, share a laugh or two. But I guess our rich heritage means nothing to you.
Leonard: I guess youre right. See you later.
Sheldon: Wait! Leonard! Wait! What am I going to do for dinner?
Leonard: Come with me to Rajs and eat there.
Sheldon: I cant do that. What if he serves haggis and blood pudding?
Leonard: I really doubt thats what hell serve.
Sheldon: But what if he does? Ill be obliged to dine on liver and lungs stuffed in a sheeps stomach. And frankly, blood pudding is essentially the same thing. I dont know why hes serving both.
Leonard: What do you want to do? You want to come with me, or do you want to sit here alone?
Sheldon: No, Ill go to your haggis party. But Im telling you, this is adness. This is utter and coplete adness.
Credits sequence. 
Sheldon: Oh, dear!
Leonard: What?
Sheldon: Rajs television. I just realized were about to spend an evening watching a plasma screen with a cluster of dead pixels in the upper left-hand corner.
Leonard: So dont watch TV. Read a book.
Sheldon: And be a social pariah? Oh, you know thats not my style.
Leonard: Ugh!
Sheldon: The audible sigh is a show of exasperation, right?
Leonard: Right.
Sheldon: Is it about me or the dead pixels?
Raj: Hey, youre just in time. We made Tex-Mex.
Leonard: Oh, sounds great.
Sheldon: Oh, Indians making Tex-Mex. Might as well have had the Chinese pizza.
Priya: Hey, you.
Leonard: Hi.
Howard: Thats got to be fun for you, huh? Watching Hofstadter suck the saliva out of your sisters mouth?
Sheldon: Excuse me. Before this evening goes any further, we need to decide where everyone is going to sit.
Priya: There is no assigned seats, Sheldon. Just sit anywhere. Make yourself comfortable.
Sheldon: Oh, what fun. Were like hippies at a love-in.
Leonard: Just sit here.
Sheldon: Yeah, right on, man. Right on. Oh, look, its Harry Potter and 98% of The Sorcerers Stone.
Raj: Okay, weve got fajitas with all the fixins, so you make your own.
Sheldon: Wonderful. Dinner, some assembly required.
Priya: Do you want a margarita, Sheldon?
Sheldon: A margarita? Where are we? What is happening?
Scene: The bar of the Cheesecake Factory
Penny: Oh. Hey, Sheldon. What can I get ya?
Sheldon: Water. Neat. With a little umbrella.
Penny: Where are all your friends?
Sheldon: Sadly, Penny, this evening, I am the Dark Knight, roaming these mean streets alone. A windbreaker for my cape, and a stern expression for my cowl.
Penny: Okay.
Sheldon: Excuse me? Isnt this the point where the world-weary barkeep absentmindedly wipes down the bar and coaxes the woes out of the troubled patron?
Penny: Well, I was getting your stupid umbrella, but all right. Whats troubling you, buddy?
Sheldon: I dont think your hearts in it, but since you asked. Apparently, because Leonard is dating Rajs sister, were all forced to hang out at his apartment.
Penny: Oh, the horror.
Sheldon: Indeed. Yeah, at one point, Raj put on reggae music, and his sister took off her shoes. It was like the last days of Caligula. (Phone rings) Oh, I have to get this. Umbrella?
Penny: Ugh!
Sheldon: Wonder what shes exasperated about. Hello?
Amy (on phone): Sheldon, are you all right? When last we spoke, you were going to take a taxi home from Rajs, but according to Facebook, you just checked in at the Cheesecake Factory.
Sheldon: Yes, I was in a taxi, but the driver didnt look at all like the photograph on his license, so I leapt out and ran for it.
Amy: Wise.
Penny: There you go. Just like recovering alcoholics drink in the Caribbean.
Amy: Hi, bestie.
Penny: Oh. Hi, Amy. How you been?
Amy: Fine. From this angle, I can see up your nose.
Penny: Yeah, its a great time to be alive, isnt it?
Sheldon: Dont worry. My problems can wait while you two hens finish your clucking.
Penny: Look, Sheldon, Leonard is dating Priya. She is staying with Raj. That means youre all probably gonna be hanging out there more.
Amy: Penny, Im sorry you got dragged into this. I know youre devastated that your ex-boyfriend has found an exciting new lover with flawless, caramel-coloured skin.
Penny: Okay, Im not upset about Leonard and Priya.
Amy: Your flaring nostrils indicate otherwise.
Sheldon: Cluck-cluck-cluck.
Amy: Sheldon, look at me. I think its time to face the fact that Leonard is the nucleus of your social group. Where he goes, the group goes.
Sheldon: Leonard the nucleus? That makes no sense. Im the whimsical elf that everyone looks to for a good time.
Amy: Im not saying that youre not fun. Youre the most fun person I know.
Penny: A lot of people think Im fun to be around.
Amy: Dont be needy, bestie. Thats probably part of what chased Leonard away. What I am saying, Sheldon, is that your group is Leonard-centric. If it were a town, it would be Leonardville. If it were an Islamic nation, Leonardstan. If it were the birthplace of motion pictures, wed all be singing Hooray for Leonardwood.
Penny: Ooh, I got one. If you guys were a band, youd be called Leonard and the Leonards.
Amy: So needy.
Scene: The apartment. 
Leonard: What you doing?
Sheldon: Im setting out snacks.
Leonard: You do realize everyones eating at Rajs again tonight?
Sheldon: I didnt say the snacks were for you now, did I, Nosy Rosie?
Leonard: Youre having people over?
Sheldon: Yes. Must be killing you wondering who. Fine, Ill tell you. Stuart from the comic bookstore, Barry Kripke from the university, Pennys ex-boyfriend Zack and TVs LeVar Burton.
Leonard: Really? LeVar Burtons coming here?
Sheldon: Possibly. I Tweeted him.
Leonard: Okay, well, tell him I loved him on Star Trek.
Sheldon: Please, Leonard, stop trying to horn in on my new friends.
Leonard: Of course. Good night.
Sheldon: Leonard.
Leonard: Yeah?
Sheldon: We had a good run, you and I.
Leonard: Okay.
Sheldon: But change is a part of life.
Leonard: It certainly is.
Sheldon: Okay. I have guests coming. Im afraid Im going to have to ask you to leave now.
Leonard: I am leaving.
Sheldon: Dont make this harder than it is, Leonard.
Leonard: Good-bye, Sheldon.
Sheldon: And good-bye to you, sir. Hell be back.
Leonard: Of course Ill be back. I live here!
Scene: The apartment, later. 
Sheldon: Well, it would appear LeVar Burton wont be joining us so lets get started. Um, I thought wed begin by going around the room, introducing ourselves and saying a little bit about why were here. Okay. Im Sheldon. Uh, for regular readers of The New England Journal of High Energy Physics, I need no introduction. If youre not familiar with that publication, theres a free copy in your goody bag. Stuart?
Stuart: Um. Hi. Im Stuart. I run a comic bookstore, which for financial reasons, Im currently living in. And I guess what Im hoping for most out of tonight is a hot shower.
Sheldon: Thats very nice, Stuart. Zack?
Zack: Im Zack, and Im, uh uh could you come back to me?
Sheldon: Of course. Barry?
Barry: Im Barry Kwipke, and Im here because you told me there was going to be a whaffle. When is the whaffle?
Sheldon: Patience, patience, Barry. The whaffle the raffle is the grand finale to an evening-long festival of fun and folly.
Barry: One more question
Sheldon: Yes, you must be present to win.
Zack: Okay, Im ready. Im Zack, and Im, uh oh, crap, why is this so hard?
Scene: Pennys apartment.
Penny: Oh, hey.
Bernadette: Hi.
Amy: Yo, P-dog.
Penny: Whats up?
Bernadette: Were here to kidnap you for a girls night out.
Amy: Parenthetical, the term kidnap is being used playfully.
Penny: I kind of figured that.
Amy: Good. Now put this pillowcase over your head.
Penny: No.
Amy: She used to be much more fun, until Leonard punched her in the heart.
Bernadette: We just thought you might want to go out and have a good time, maybe go dancing.
Penny: Oh. Gee, thanks, but Im not really in the mood.
Amy: You do understand that it will distract you from obsessing over the rich variety of sweet loving that your ex-boyfriend is currently receiving from the fiery jewel of Mumbai.
Penny: Okay, look, if I agree to go out with you guys, will you promise to stop pestering me about Leonard and Priya?
Amy: Yes.
Bernadette: Sure.
Penny: All right. Ill go change. Come on in.
Amy: If youd have let me bring the chloroform, we wouldnt have had to put up with all this jibber-jabber.
Scene: The apartment. 
Zack: Anyway, after we get done snowboarding, I go back to the lodge and get in the Jacuzzi. Theres no one around, so naturally, Im free-balling it. Next thing I know, this beautiful chick shows up, drunk out of her skull, wants to get in with me.
Sheldon: Question. Was it a Jacuzzi or a hot tub?
Barry: Weally? Thats your question?
Zack: Whats the difference?
Sheldon: Jacuzzi is a commercial brand. Hot tub is the generic term, i.e., all Jacuzzis are hot tubs, but not all hot tubs are Jacuzzis.
Zack: Is that like all thumbs are fingers, but not all fingers are thumbs?
Sheldon: Surprisingly, yes.
Zack: Nice. Now, what exactly are toes?
Stuart: Can you please get back to the drunk girl? Id like something to think about in the shower.
Zack: Oh, yeah. Right. Anyway, she takes off all of her clothes, climbs into the hot tub, and the first thing I notice
Sheldon: The water level rose.
Zack: No.
Sheldon: Of course it did. Its said that Archimedes, the ancient Greek mathematician, discovered the principle of displacement while taking a bath.
Barry: Tewwific. Go ahead, Zack. Naked dwunk girl, fwee-balling, continue.
Sheldon: Forgive me, but I think youll find my story is more interesting.
Barry: Does yours have wet bweasts in it?
Sheldon: Better. It has a gold crown. You see, the king wondered how much gold was in it and charged Archimedes with coming up with the solution. Because the crown was irregularly shaped, there was no way to mathematically determine its volume. But, while bathing, Archimedes realized he could immerse the crown and measure the amount the water rose.
Zack: So, long story short, I nailed her.
Sheldon: When he finished, he shouted Eureka!
Zack: No, I always shout, Holy Moly! Dont know why. Just do.
Sheldon: All right, that concludes the getting to know you portion of the evening. Whos ready to play some vintage video games? And tonights selections include ColecoVisions Smurf Rescue in Gargamels Castle, Ataris Cookie Monster Munch, and for you text adventure aficionados, Zork. Pick me, pick me. Im fun.
Barry: That all sucks the big haiwy meatball. How about I go get the kawaoke machine out of my car, get plastered and blow the woof off this place?
Zack: Great, Ill make a beer run.
Stuart: And Ill take a shower. Well meet back here in fifteen.
Barry: Check.
Sheldon: Im unhappy.
Scene: Rajs apartment. 
Leonard: This is delicious. Whered you learn to make chili?
Priya: When I was at university in England, my flatmate was from Texas.
Leonard: I hope she wasnt anything like my flatmate from Texas.
Priya: Sheldon is a bit quirky, isnt he?
Howard: Oh, please. That crazy bastards looking at quirky in the rearview mirror.
Leonard: Did you know that, per our roommate agreement, I have to wash my feet before I get in the shower? And not in the sink. We each have special buckets.
Howard: Raj, did you ever tell your sister about the time Sheldon got punched by Bill Gates?
Priya: Oh, God, youre kidding.
Raj: Nope. Gates gave a speech at the university. Sheldon went up to him afterwards and said, maybe if you werent so distracted by sick children in Africa, you could have put a little more thought into Windows Vista.
Leonard: Bam. Right in the nose. Made me proud to own a PC.
Raj: Id like to propose a toast to a rare and wonderful Sheldon-free evening.
Leonard: Hear, hear.
Howard: Cheers. You realize thats the first time weve ever done that without having to listen to Sheldon tell us why its called a toast?
Priya: Why is it called a toast?
Leonard: Oh, the ancient Romans put spiced toast in their punch bowls.
Raj: Sheldon tells it better.
Leonard: He kind of does.
Howard: Yeah.
Leonard: Aw, hell, I miss him.
Scene: Pennys apartment. 
Penny: So, where do you guys want to go dancing?
Bernadette: We were hoping youd know a place.
Amy: Yes, perhaps somewhere packed tightly with young, beautiful bodies sweating and writhing against each other in a glorious orgy of the flesh.
Penny: Oh, yeah, I know that place. What do you think?
Amy: That should display enough of your bosom to attract a new mate, or a hungry infant.
Penny: Okay, lets go through this one more time. Just because Leonard has a new girlfriend does not mean I need to go out and hook up with some guy.
Bernadette: But you could if you wanted to, right?
Penny: Well, yeah, I guess.
Bernadette: Pick out the hottest guy in the room, take him home, do unspeakable things to him, then kick him to the curb with a smile on his face and teeth marks on his heinie?
Penny: More or less.
Amy: Whats that like?
Penny: I dont know. Its fun while youre doing it. And then after, its mostly embarrassment, self-loathing and regret.
Bernadette: I would take that deal all day long.
Penny: Yeah, well, its not gonna happen tonight. You know, for the first time in my life, I am not in a relationship, and Im totally okay with it.
Amy: You know, if being on your own is new to you, Id be happy to share some tension-relieving techniques for ladies Ive perfected over the years. For example, do you have an electric toothbrush?
Penny: Um, no.
Amy: You should get one.
Bernadette: Whats that?
Amy: It appears to be something preserved between two pieces of acrylic.
Penny: Oh, its a snowflake from the North Pole. Leonard gave it to me last year.
Bernadette: Oh, God, that is so romantic.
Penny: Yeah, it was.
Bernadette: Leonards really one of a kind.
Amy: Saying that while holding a snowflake is a little bit heavy-handed, dont you think?
Penny: Let me see that. Oh, screw it. I can deal with a little self-loathing. Lets go find me a heinie to bite.
Amy: Outstanding. And if we fail, we can always stop at CVS and pick you out a nice toothbrush. I call mine Gerard.
Bernadette: Thats kind of creepy.
Scene: The apartment. Barry and Zack are singing Dont Go Breaking My Heart
 
Stuart: Anybody do Walking on Sunshine yet?
Sheldon: No.
Stuart: Dibs.
Scene: Rajs apartment. 
Priya: Im sorry, Sheldon bought a loom and learned how to weave?
Leonard: He actually got pretty good. He made us all matching serapes.
Raj: I still wear mine when theres a nip in the air.
Priya: Now, was this before or after he adopted the 25 cats?
Leonard: Long before the cats. I think it was around the time he tried to declare our apartment a sovereign nation. I still have some of the currency.
Sheldon (outside): (Knock, knock, knock) All my friends. (Knock, knock, knock) All my friends. (Knock, knock, knock) All my friends.
Howard: I think its like Beetlejuice. We said his name too many times.
Raj: Come on in.
Sheldon: Thank you.
Leonard: Hey. I thought you were with your new buddies.
Sheldon: I had to leave. They were having fun wrong.
Priya: Come here, Sheldon. Sit here with me.
Sheldon: Thank you.
Priya: Would you like some homemade chili?
Sheldon: Are there beans in it?
Priya: Yes.
Sheldon: Then its not chili. Real chili has no beans in it, but youre from a foreign land, so your ignorance is forgiven.
Priya: Sheldon, do you want some or not?
Sheldon: Yes, please. Your girlfriends a little short-tempered.
Raj: Id like to propose a toast to friends, no matter how quirky.
All: Cheers.
Sheldon: Priya, do you know why this is called a toast?
Priya: Actually, I do. I believe the Romans used to put spiced toast in their punch bowls.
Sheldon: Shes also a bit of a know-it-all. Mmm. This is good. Whatever it is.
Scene: The apartment. Stuart is singing Walking on Sunshine. Barry and Zack are doing backing vocals. 
 
LeVar Burton: Hello? I Oh, I dont think so. I am so done with Twitter.
