Scene: Pennys apartment.
Penny: Youll never believe what happened to me at work today.
Leonard: Hmm?
Penny: This old guy was choking on his food, and I saved his life.
Leonard: Youre kidding. Did you Heimlich him?
Penny: No. I said, oh, my God, I think that old guys choking, and then one of the busboys Heimliched him.
Leonard: Youre a hero.
Penny: Yeah, that was the point of the story.
Leonard: Oh, yeah, speaking of work, do you know if you have Thursday night off?
Penny: Um, I think so. Why?
Leonard: What do you mean, why? Its Valentines Day.
Penny: Oh, right. Yeah, we can do something.
Leonard: You could be a little more into it.
Penny: No, Im into it, Im into it. Just, theres so much pressure to make the night special, and it never works out.
Leonard: Okay, well, this time its going to be different. Because I am like a romance ninja. You dont see it coming, and then bam, romance, watch out, hearts, kisses, love, ooh-ya!
Penny: You know, sometimes I think Ive made you so much cooler than you used to be, and then you go and do that.
Scene: The stairwell.
Sheldon: So, in conclusion, I believe the painful sensation felt after passing a meal of spicy chillies is proof that the rectum does possess the sense of taste.
Amy: I concur, but you changed the subject. What are we doing for Valentines Day?
Sheldon: Oh, you caught that, did you?
Credits sequence.
Scene: The comic book store.
Howard (on phone): Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay! Okay.
Raj: Everything okay?
Howard: Bernies a little cranky since shes been working, like, 17 hours a day. And Ive got a lot on my plate, too, because Ive been busting my tail playing Assassins Creed.
Raj: Hey, Stuart, you got anything going on for Valentines Day?
Stuart: Not really. Other than hiding all the sharp objects around here and white-knuckling it till morning. What do you got going on?
Raj: Oh, well, I was going to spend the night with my special little lady, but, uh, she got worms, and then I had to take her to the vet.
Stuart: There must be something we can do.
Raj: Well, uh, how about you keep the store open late, and we throw a party for all the people who dont have dates?
Stuart That actually sounds kind of nice.
Raj: Yeah, the theme will be that the greatest love a man can have is the love he has with himself.
Stuart: Thats good. Or maybe something a little less hand in the pants.
Scene: Sheldons office.
Sheldon: Ah, Alex, excellent. I have a research problem that I believe you can help with.
Alex: Oh, Dr. Cooper, thank you. Ive been waiting for an opportunity to contribute to your scientific work.
Sheldon: Oh, no, no. Thats not going to happen, no. What I need you to do is find a Valentines gift for my girlfriend.
Alex: You realize I passed up an opportunity to work at Fermilab to take this job with you.
Sheldon: Well, I guess those chaps will have to have someone else buy their girlfriends presents. Now, here is, lets see, this is, this is about two thousand dollars, um, I think she likes monkeys and the colour grey. Contribute to my work. Ah, kids say the darnedest things.
Scene: Howards lab.
Leonard: Hey, you coming to lunch?
Howard: Yeah, one second. Come here. I want to show you something.
Leonard: What you looking at?
Howard: Well, I was trying to come up with something really romantic to give Bernadette for Valentines Day since shes been such a pain in the ass.
Leonard: You cant find a card that says that?
Howard: Check it out. I used the atomic force microscope in the material science lab and wrote our initials in a heart one one-thousandth the size of a grain of sand.
Leonard: Oh, thats cool.
Howard: A micro-valentine for a microbiologist.
Leonard: From her micro-husband. That is amazing. How long did this take you?
Howard: Mmm, about twelve hours. I pulled an all-nighter.
Leonard: Oh, wow.
Howard: Yeah, I know, it really took a bite out of my video game time. What are you and Penny doing?
Leonard: Oh, Im going to take her to a nice restaurant for dinner.
Howard: Oh, thats not bad, but as far as romance goes, I think my gift hits it right out of (Bumps into chair and drops the slide)
Leonard: Want to come to dinner with us?
Howard: Yes, please.
Scene: The apartment.
Sheldon: Okay. Amy will be here shortly, expecting the perfect Valentines gift, so, youre up kid. Dazzle me. Go.
Alex: Okay, I think I have some really great choices. I went on Amys Facebook page and read up on her interests.
Sheldon: Now, see, I never would have thought to do that. Clearly, I made a good choice farming this out to you. But I am telling you, Amy hit the boyfriend jackpot. Anyway, my socks are on. Lets knock them off.
Alex: Well, um, I know she loves playing the harp, so I found this beautiful music box that plays one of her favourite songs.
Sheldon: Now, Amy already has a real harp. And it can play any song. What are you trying to pull here?
Alex: No, I just thought it would be
Sheldon: Next.
Alex: Okay. Um, I know shes a fan of The Canterbury Tales.
Sheldon: Mmm.
Alex: So I found this cool map that illustrates the characters journey through England. I thought we could put it in a really nice frame.
Sheldon: But shes got Google Maps on her phone.
Alex: I dont know how to respond to that.
Sheldon: Well, I hope its with a third good option, because these first two, buh.
Alex: Okay. Well, uh, luckily, I saved the best for last. Since Amys a neuroscientist, I did some research and found out that Santiago Ramon y Cajal, the father of modern neuroscience, did lots of hand drawings of brain cells. And I managed to find this signed print.
Sheldon: Wow. Oh, this is truly remarkable.
Alex: Thank you.
Sheldon: I think Ill keep it for myself.
Alex: What about your girlfriend?
Sheldon: Its too late. I call dibs.
Scene: a restaurant.
Penny: This place is really beautiful.
Leonard: Waugh, romance ninja.
Penny: Hey.
Howard: Sorry were late.
Penny: No problem. We just sat down.
Leonard: Mmm, would you like some wine?
Bernadette: Yeah, fill her up. Ill tell you when to stop.
Penny: Is everything okay?
Howard: Terrific. Couldnt be better.
Bernadette: Oh, bite me.
Howard: Look, we can still have a nice night. Just tell me where it is.
Bernadette: Maybe if you did what you said you were going to do, Id tell you.
Leonard: Uh, where what is?
Howard: She hid my Xbox like Im a child. Yeah, and my mom got me that for my birthday, so if you dont give it back, Im telling.
Bernadette: Ive been working late every night. All I asked was that he clean the apartment and do one load of laundry. But did he do it? No. He just kept on playing that stupid game. You like pushing buttons so much, try pushing them on the washing machine.
Howard: I said Im sorry.
Bernadette: Sorry doesnt clean my underpants, buddy.
Howard: I told you, turn them inside out.
Bernadette: And I told you to bite me.
Leonard: Trying to have a magical night here, guys.
Penny: Oh, son of a bitch.
Leonard: What?
Penny: Nothing. Nothing.
Leonard: No, tell me.
Penny: Its just this guy I used to date.
Leonard: Oh.
Penny: Until he cheated on me with my friend Gretchen, whos here with him now.
Leonard: Youre kidding.
Penny: And it looks like she lost a lot of weight, damn it.
Leonard: I know its not ideal, but dont let them ruin our night.
Penny: No, youre totally right. She could be skinny cause shes dying.
Leonard: Thats the spirit.
Penny: You know what, screw them. Our night is going to be way more special than theirs.
Leonard: Yeah.
Bernadette: Uh-oh.
Penny: What? (Pennys ex is proposing to Gretchen) Oh, you got to be kidding me.
Gretchen: Oh, my God, yes. Of course Ill marry you.
Leonard: Two can play this game. Penny
Penny: Get up.
Leonard: All right.
Scene: The comic book store.
Raj: Its nice that all the people who are lonely on Valentines Day can come here tonight and be together.
Stuart: Yeah, Im really looking forward to it. In fact, theres no place I would rather be than here.
Raj: Except on a date with anybody.
Stuart: Literally anybody.
Raj: You know, you and I have so much fun hanging out. If you were a girl, all our problems would be solved.
Stuart: What?
Raj: Oh, yeah, think about it. Wed hang out, wed read comic books, wed see movies. Itd be like the best relationship ever.
Stuart: That does sound nice.
Raj: Then Id take you home, slip off your little black dress and just pile-drive you into oblivion.
Stuart: What?
Scene: The restaurant.
Penny: Oh, I cant believe hes going to marry the girl he cheated on me with.
Leonard: Isnt it kind of nice? I mean, he was with the wrong person, and now he found the right person.
Penny: What, so Im the wrong person? Maybe you want to be with Gretchen, too.
Bernadette: They do look happy.
Howard: Yeah, maybe tonight. But a year from now, hell be crawling under the sink looking for his Xbox. Well, he will.
Leonard: You know what? Why dont we just forget about them and enjoy our Valentines Day?
Penny: Yes, absolutely. Now theyre doing that phony link-arm-drink thingy. I totally taught him that.
Leonard: I thought we were letting it go.
Penny: We were; its just, its not fair, okay? Theyre bad people. Its not supposed to end happy for them, its supposed to end happy for me.
Leonard: Um, it did end happy for you. Youre here with me.
Penny: Yeah, yeah, I know.
Leonard: Okay, this is getting a little hard to not take personally.
Penny: Oh, come on, dont make this about you.
Leonard: Oh, Im not. Its about you.
Penny: Yeah, well, whatever, okay? I told you, Valentines Day sucks.
Leonard: This one does, and youre the reason why.
Penny: What?
Bernadette: You know, compared to them, Im feeling pretty good about us.
Howard: Me, too. How about we blow off dessert, go home early, Ill do that laundry.
Bernadette: Thank you.
Howard: I love you.
Bernadette: Love you, too.
Howard: So whered you hide it?
Bernadette: Where youd never look.
Howard: Damn it, its in the washing machine.
Scene: The apartment.
Amy: Hello.
Sheldon: Hello.
Amy: Happy Valentines Day.
Sheldon: Okay. Shall we go to dinner?
Amy: Hang on. As you know, I had planned a traditional evening of romance and gifts.
Sheldon: Yes, and as you know, I planned to pretend to enjoy it. Ive been working on this facial expression all day.
Amy: And I appreciate your effort, but upon contemplation, I decided I was being selfish. So, I cancelled our dinner reservations and came up with an even better way to celebrate Valentines Day.
Sheldon: What is that?
Amy: By doing none of it. No dinner, no romance, no gifts. We stay here, order a pizza and watch one of your beloved Star War Trek things.
Sheldon: Really?
Amy: Well, thats what youd love, isnt it?
Sheldon: More than anything.
Amy: Well, then, thats what were going to do.
Sheldon: Well, I dont know what to say. This is the most thoughtful gift that anyones ever given me. And thats including an amazing gift that I gave myself earlier today.
Amy: Im your girlfriend. Thats my job. And I know gift-giving puts a lot of pressure on you, so whatever you got me, you can return.
Sheldon: No. No, after everything you didnt do for me tonight, I want you to have it.
Amy: Whats this?
Sheldon: Read it.
Amy: Sheldon Cooper, Caltech University employee information?
Sheldon: At the bottom.
Amy: In case of emergency, please contact Amy Farrah Fowler. And theres my phone number. This is the most beautiful gift you couldve ever given me.
Sheldon: Well, I thought, if I have a stroke or a kidney stone, who would I want to share that with?
Amy: And you picked me.
Sheldon: Its like you said, youre my girlfriend.
Amy: Oh, Sheldon.
Sheldon: Yeah. Okay. Stop ruining Valentines Day and order my pizza.
Scene: The stairwell.
Penny: Night.
Leonard: Yep. You know what? That was pretty crappy of you. I mean, all I wanted to do was give you a great night, and its like you-you went out of your way to destroy it.
Penny: Yeah, I know. Im a total bitch.
Leonard: Im not saying that.
Penny: Well, I am.
Leonard: Fine, you win. Youre a bitch. Why couldnt we just have a nice time?
Penny: I dont know. Maybe cause things are going so well between us lately and Ive been really happy.
Leonard: Okay, youre gonna have to make a lot more sense than that.
Penny: Obviously, I have some commitment issues.
Leonard: Glaringly obvious. Go on.
Penny: As long as things keep going great between us, youll keep asking me to marry you, and eventually Im gonna end up saying yes, and then were gonna be married forever, and the whole thing just freaks me out.
Leonard: Okay. I know I propose a lot. So how about this? I promise I will never ask you to marry me again.
Penny: What, what do you mean? Are you breaking up with me?
Leonard: No. No, no, no, no. But if someday you decide you want to get married, you have to propose to me.
Penny: Really?
Leonard: Yes. Its all on you. But I got to tell you, when the time comes, I want the whole nine yards. I want you down on one knee, flowers, I want to be swept off my feet.
Penny: Yeah, you got it.
Leonard: And Im cool with surprises. But nothing on a Jumbotron. I dont want to cry on a big screen like that.
Penny: Okay. You know what? This might be the wine talking, but I have a very important question to ask you.
Leonard: You do?
Penny: Leonard Hofstadter?
Leonard: Yes?
Penny: Will you be my valentine?
Leonard: Sorry. Maybe next year. Im just kidding. Romance ninja. Lets have sex. Waugh!
Scene: The comic book store.
Nerdy guy: Thank you, guys, for doing this.
Raj: Were glad you could make it.
Nerdy guy: Usually I spend Valentines Day sad and alone. This year, Im just sad.
Raj: What is it about this holiday that makes people so unhappy?
Stuart: I know. I hate myself most of the time, but tonights the night I know everyone else does, too.
Nerdy guy: I think youre cool.
Stuart: Great.
Raj: I got to tell you, weve got to stop beating ourselves up like this. Excuse me, everybody. Can I have your attention, please? Were all here tonight because we have no one to be with. But that doesnt make us mutants. The only mutants here are in these comic books. Weve got to stop defining our self-worth by whether or not were in a relationship. You know what I see when I look around? I see a room full of great people. So lets give ourselves a break. We are a community, and as long as we have each other, were never truly alone.
Girl: That was cool. What you said.
Raj: You really think so?
Girl: Yeah, I do.
Raj: Thank you. Uh, would you like to, uh, get a cup, a cup of coffee or?
Girl: Okay.
Raj: Later, losers!
Scene: Amys lab. Phone rings.
Amy: Hello? Another medical emergency? Whats wrong with him now? I seriously doubt he was bitten by a Chinese bird spider. How exactly does a bump feel Asian? Just put him on the phone. Sheldon, I am not driving over there again. Because I drove over there yesterday for a brain tumour that turned out to be an ice cream headache. Yes, I still want to be your emergency contact. Yes, you can eat your ice cream too fast and also have a brain tumour. Im on my way. Brain tumour would explain a lot.
