Scene: The apartment. 
Amy: This is an easy one. You love this guy.
Sheldon: Me.
Amy: Come on, hes an under-appreciated genius.
Sheldon: Still think its me.
Amy: Its not you. Now think, theres a car named after him.
Sheldon: Of course there is. The Mini Cooper, cause its me.
Amy: How about this, hes a poor mans Sheldon Cooper.
Sheldon: Oh, Tesla.
Penny: Hi.
Amy: Hello.
Sheldon: Hey, how did it go?
Leonard: Oh, not fun. The doctor shoved a camera up into my sinuses.
Penny: Yeah, I watched. It was like the scary boat tunnel in Willy Wonka.
Amy: Did they figure out whats wrong?
Leonard: Yeah. Its a deviated septum. The surgery to correct it is simple. Hes gonna do it next week.
Sheldon: Why would you have surgery?
Leonard: Because I cant breathe. I snore, I get sinus infections.
Penny: Yeah, back off, hes all mine.
Sheldon: But you dont have a life-threatening condition. Why would you take the risk of surgery?
Amy: Sheldon, its a routine procedure, Ive heard you complain about his snoring.
Sheldon: Yes, for the first five or six years, but Ive gotten used to it. It helps me sleep. Hes like my mucus-powered white noise machine.
Leonard: Sheldon, Im gonna get the surgery, its no big deal. End of story.
Sheldon: Very well. Im done talking about it.
Leonard: Thank you.
Sheldon: I believe it was your turn in the game.
Amy: Okay.
Sheldon: Lets see. Oh, this person is most famous for never having gotten his nose mutilated with elective surgery and never living the rest of his life in the shadows as a hideous, disfigured freak.
Leonard: I think you could give a better clue.
Sheldon: I dont. Im not even sure if thats a person or a typo.
Credits sequence.
Scene: Leonards bedroom. 
Leonard: Okay, why?
Sheldon: Im listening to you snore. Im wondering how Ill ever sleep without it.
Leonard: If it helps you sleep, then why are you sitting here staring at me like the albino boogeyman?
Sheldon: Really Leonard. Insults? After I spent two hours in your closet, waiting for you to fall asleep?
Leonard: Whats your problem?
Sheldon: If the surgery is successful, the snoring is gone. And if you die during surgery, the snoring is gone.
Leonard: It sounds like either way, I finally get some rest.
Sheldon: I have to be honest with you Leonard, Im truly worried.
Leonard: I told you, theres nothing to worry about.
Sheldon: Well, Ive been doing some research and Ive learned that one in 700,000 people die from general anaesthesia.
Leonard: Buddy, wh, do you realize that that also means 699,999 people dont die?
Sheldon: I suppose thats true. Youre such a glass half-full kind of guy. Im going to miss that.
Scene: Howard and Bernadettes apartment.
Raj: Oh, so, my, uh, parents 40th anniversarys coming up and I cant think of a thing to get them.
Howard: Damn, can you imagine being married to someone for 40 years?
Bernadette: Not anymore.
Raj: Anyway, any ideas on a gift?
Bernadette: Well, what are some of the things they like?
Raj: They used to like going to the Mumbai Symphony, but last year my mom thought they were phoning it in. Then my dad said based on their love life, she should know about phoning it in.
Bernadette: He said that to her?
Raj: Well, they werent speaking at the time, so he had a servant say it to her. Oh, maybe I could make a gift for them. I know how much you guys love the coasters I made for you.
Bernadette: Theyre yours in the divorce.
Scene: The apartment.
Leonard: Hey. Whatre you working on?
Sheldon: Remember when I said if you went through with your surgery, there was a one-in-700,000 chance of dying?
Leonard: Yeah?
Sheldon: Well, Ive been crunching the numbers, and so far, Ive gotten your probability of death all the way to a sphincter-tightening one in 300.
Leonard: Great timing. My check sphincter light just went on.
Sheldon: Leonard, what if you have an allergic reaction to the surgeons latex gloves?
Leonard: Im not allergic to latex.
Sheldon: Well, then why dont you wear the rubber gloves I bought for you to do the dishes?
Leonard: For the same reason I dont wear the apron or the hair net.
Sheldon: Fine. What about epilepsy?
Leonard: I dont have epilepsy, either.
Sheldon: You dont, but the surgeon might, hmm? And your carotid artery is just one shaky scalpel away from becoming the dancing fountain at Disneyland.
Leonard: Sheldon, do you realize that driving is riskier than surgery?
Sheldon: I do. I have the drive to the hospital right here. That is if you make it to the car without falling down the stairs. And dont expect me to carry you, I do that enough in life.
Leonard: Buddy, I, I get that youre worried about me and I, I appreciate that, but Im not going to die.
Sheldon: You dont know that.
Leonard: Well, I do know that it wont be from an asteroid strike.
Sheldon: You know who else said that? Every cocky T. Rex currently swimming around in the gas tank of your car.
Leonard: If there was an asteroid strike, wouldnt you die, too?
Sheldon: I dont know, Im smart and scrappy, I think Id find a way.
Leonard: Tell you what, the surgerys not for a week, Ill think about it.
Sheldon: Thank you. And while youre thinking about it, if you have the surgery in Nicaragua during monsoon season, I can practically guarantee your death.
Scene: Rajs apartment.
Raj (on phone): Yes. Okay. I, I understand. Of course, yes. Ill call you tomorrow. Bye.
Howard: So I found this fencing school in Burbank that has a Jedi class. And if youre cool being the only adults there, they said they are.
Raj: Dude, my parents just split up.
Howard: What?
Raj: Uh, that was my dad on the phone. He moved out.
Howard: Oh, my God, I, Im sorry. I mean, if youre not up to it, we dont have to go out, we can just hang here.
Raj: No, its fine. Its not that big a deal. As long as theyre happy, Im happy. And when I get to see them for the holidays, Ill get to celebrate Diwali twice, one at each house. Thats double the Diwali.
Howard: You sure youre okay?
Raj: Im okay.
Howard: You dont look okay.
Raj: How can I be okay? I come from a broken home.
Scene: A waiting room.
Leonard: The doctor said I should be out of surgery by ten.
Penny: Okay. And Sheldon really believes were at a public swimming pool?
Leonard: He was so busy figuring out how many parts per million of urine wed be floating around in, he didnt even question it.
Scene: Amys car.
Sheldon: 18 parts per million. And hes still doing it.
Amy: Dont worry about that. Im happy to take you to work.
Sheldon: Well, thank you. And Leonard never lets me have French toast sticks in the car. I cant have syrupy fingers, but he can do the backstroke in a toilet bowl.
Amy: Its nice theyre getting exercise.
Sheldon: Although now that I think about it, Leonard would never go swimming in public without his swim shirt.
Amy: Im sure he brought it.
Sheldon: No, but last year, at Magic Mountain, he got such a bad sunburn, we had to cut him out of it.
Amy: He probably got a new one. Finish your breakfast. Look, theres an entire section of my dashboard that doesnt have any syrup on it.
Sheldon: Youre acting odd. Why?
Amy: Im odd all the time, everyone knows that. Just last night I tried to see how many fava beans I could fit in my mouth.
Sheldon: Tell me the truth.
Amy: Twenty eight.
Sheldon: Come on.
Amy: Fifty six.
Sheldon: Amy. Whats going on?
Amy: All right. Dont get upset, but, an earlier appointment opened up for Leonard and hes getting the surgery right now.
Sheldon: I see. Take me to Leonard.
Amy: Just go to work, hell be fine.
Sheldon: Amy, hes my best friend, and if you dont take me, Im going there anyway.
Amy: Fine. Its sweet that you care about him so much.
Sheldon: I do. And I wouldnt be able to forgive myself if something happened to him and I wasnt at his bedside to say I told you so.
Scene: The waiting room. 
Sheldon: Hello.
Penny: We had a really nice swim.
Sheldon: Oh, stop it. I assume this medical centres already treated the burns on your bottom from the recent pants fire.
Penny: Cause Im a liar, liar?
Sheldon: Thats for the fire marshal to determine.
Penny: You had to tell him?
Amy: He wore me down. And I was distracted, he has on extra baby powder today.
Sheldon: Is he okay?
Penny: Hes still in surgery.
Sheldon: Very well.
Penny: Hes gonna be all right. That is sticky.
Amy: Come on, lets talk about something other than the surgery.
Sheldon: Thats a good idea. Penny, did you and Leonard ever discuss funeral arrangements?
Penny: I think she meant something a little happier.
Sheldon: I suppose we could try to make it a celebration, but he died so young.
Scene: Rajs office.
Howard: Knock, knock.
Bernadette: Hi.
Raj: Hey. What brings you by?
Bernadette: Oh, muffin much.
Howard: Told you, not funny.
Bernadette: Hes just not laughing because hes feeling blueberry. Tough crowd.
Raj: Im sorry. This is very sweet. Thanks.
Howard: So, how you doing?
Raj: Better. I guess the news just hit me a lot harder than I expected.
Bernadette: Well, of course. I would be devastated if my parents split up.
Howard: Why? Your father barely speaks to your mother.
Bernadette: Well, at least he stuck around, not like your dad, who just took off.
Howard: As you can see, were here to cheer you up.
Bernadette: Sorry, Raj. Do you have any sense of what happened with your folks?
Raj: I think, over time, they started to resent each other, and instead of talking about the things that bothered them, they kept it bottled up, and the hate just grew.
Bernadette: Its a shame they spent all that time unhappy. But sometimes, theres muffin you can do about it. You get it, right?
Scene: The waiting room.
Penny: Oh, its nice you got him that.
Sheldon: Oh, this isnt for Leonard, no. Amy bought it for me.
Amy: Stubbed his toe on the revolving door on the way in.
Sheldon: You know those confounded things make me dizzy.
Amy: Who told you to keep going around?
Sheldon: There was a large plant in the lobby. It kept looking like the outside.
Penny: Okay, listen, when Leonard comes out, he is not gonna feel great, so, please dont give him a hard time.
Amy: Penny has a good point. This is like the man in the supermarket with the goiter on his neck. Whatever youre thinking, just keep it to yourself.
Sheldon: It was like a grapefruit.
Amy: And Im sure he knew that before you held a grapefruit up next to it.
Sheldon: Well, Im not making any promises. Not only did Leonard take what I feel is an unnecessary risk, he deceived me.
Penny: Okay, the reason he deceived you is you were being a pain in the ass.
Sheldon: The reason I was being a pain in the B is because I was worried about him, and no one else was.
Penny: Really? You wont even say A?
Sheldon: You bet your sweet B I wont.
Penny: Obviously, I care about Leonard. Im gonna spend the rest of my life with him.
Sheldon: And Im not? Its an earthquake. I knew it.
Penny: Sheldon, it was just a little tremor.
Sheldon: A little tremor that turns routine sinus surgery into a frontal lobotomy. Oh, I dont care for this at all. Oh, I need to see hes okay.
Amy: Sheldon, you cant go back there.
Sheldon: Try and stop me.
Amy: Are you okay?
Sheldon: Why didnt you stop me?
Scene: Howard and Bernadettes apartment. 
Bernadette: Can I tell you something? This whole thing with Rajs parents just got me a little worried about us.
Howard: What are you talking about? Were fine. And Rajs parents probably split up because of Raj.
Bernadette: What?
Howard: They always say the children arent to blame, but, come on.
Bernadette: Im not joking, Howie. You heard what he said about his parents. It was the little things they kept bottled up. I dont want that to happen to us.
Howard: How can I convince you it wont?
Bernadette: Well, is there anything about me youre keeping inside?
Howard: Im not answering that. Its a trap.
Bernadette: So there are things you dont like.
Howard: And here I am in the trap. You just keep talking. Im gonna chew my leg off.
Bernadette: Just tell me one thing that bothers you, and I promise I wont get mad.
Howard: Okay. The truth is, sometimes, youre too beautiful.
Bernadette: Oh. Howie, be serious.
Howard: Okay, okay. I really dont like how your wings poke me when we sleep cause youre an angel.
Bernadette: Okay, fine, maybe it was a bad idea.
Howard: I just dont think the secret to a happy marriage is going out of our way to criticize each other. Although, there are ways to improve our communication. One thing I learned when I was in couples therapy was
Bernadette: Who were you in couples therapy with?
Howard: Not important.
Bernadette: Was it your mom?
Howard: Not important.
Bernadette: It was your mom.
Howard: Anyway, the therapist had us tell each other what we loved about one another.
Bernadette: Oh, thats so sweet. I want to do that.
Howard: All right.
Bernadette: Okay, um, I love that you make me laugh.
Howard: Thank you. And I love that youre strong and independent.
Bernadette: And yet, I still love when you hold a door for me.
Howard: I love that Im kind of a slob around here, and youre okay with that.
Bernadette: Uh-huh. And I love that I work and do all the cleaning, and youre okay with that.
Howard: See, I am. Isnt this great?
Scene: The apartment.
Penny: Come on, smile. This is gonna be my Christmas card.
Sheldon: You know this is all your fault.
Leonard: How is it my fault?
Sheldon: I told you not to get the surgery.
Leonard: Okay, first of all, the surgery was a success, and secondly, I didnt even want you there.
Sheldon: Wow. I dont know which hurts worse, my nose or my heart. Well, Im done speaking to you.
Amy: Dont be like that. You two need to talk this out.
Penny: Yeah, cause you sound really funny.
Leonard: Sheldon, Im sorry I didnt tell you about the surgery, but you were worried about nothing.
Sheldon: Oh, youre hardly out of the woods, no. You still run the risk of infection, a blood clot, the possibility that an inattentive surgeon let a barn spider lay eggs in your nose. The minute you sneeze web, Im moving out.
Leonard: I never thought Id say these words, but come on, nose spider.
Penny: Who are you kidding? You were so panicked Leonard was gonna die, youll never leave him.
Amy: Sheldon will move out eventually.
Penny: Yeah, once he figures out how to work a door.
Sheldon: I was not panicked, and I am not overly attached to Leonard.
Leonard: You were so worried that you smashed your face trying to check on me. You love me.
Sheldon: Yeah. Tell me those arent the words of a man with a spider eating its way through his brain. Amy, youre a neuroscientist. Crack his skull open, spray some Raid in there.
Scene: Howard and Bernadettes apartment.
Bernadette: I love that you take pride in your looks, even when I have to pee in the morning, and youre in there spending an hour on your hair.
Howard: I love that youre too good to pee in the kitchen sink.
Bernadette: I love that you have the confidence to speak, even without giving it an ounce of thought.
Howard: And I love how your hair is always on the soap. Its like washing myself with a hamster.
Raj: Hey, guys. Sorry I am so late. I was on the phone with my mother.
Bernadette: Oh, how is she?
Raj: Pretty good. She bought the book Eat, Pray, Love and used it to set my fathers Mercedes on fire. So, whats up with you guys?
Howard: Were just saying all the things we love about each other.
Raj: Oh, like you and I did at couples therapy.
Scene: The apartment. 
Leonard: Oh, whatd you get?
Sheldon: Oh, I ordered it before your surgery. Its the urn I was going to put you in.
Penny: Okay, thats morbid. Send it back.
Sheldon: I cant send it back, I had it engraved. Here lie the ashes of Leonard Hofstadter. He thought he was right, but his room mate knew better.
Leonard: Thats funny. Boy, Im gonna miss these painkillers.
Penny: Hey, why did you get two? Im with stupid.
Sheldon: Oh, that ones mine.
