Scene: Leonard and Penny are in Pennys bed.
Penny: Having a little trouble catching your breath there?
Leonard: No, no, Im good. If my P.E. teachers had told me this is what I was training for, I would have tried a lot harder.
Penny: Do or do not. There is no try.
Leonard: Did you just quote Star Wars?
Penny: I believe I quoted Empire Strikes Back.
Leonard: Oh, my God. Im lying in bed with a beautiful woman who can quote Yoda. I love you, Penny.
Penny: Oh. Oh. Thank you.
Leonard: Youre welcome. I just wanted to put that out there.
Penny: Oh, yeah, no, I, Im, Im glad.
Leonard: Good. Glad is good.
Penny: Yeah. Yeah. No, no. Um. So, its getting pretty late. We should probably go to sleep.
Leonard: Yeah.
Penny: Okay.
Leonard: Yeah.
Penny: Hmm.
Leonard: Yeah, probably.
Penny: Okay, good night, sweetie.
Leonard: Good night.
Credits sequence
Scene: The apartment.
Howard: Hey, Leonard, where do you come down on giant ants?
Raj: Sheldon says impossible. Howard and I say not only possible, but as a mode of transportation, way cooler than a Batmobile.
Sheldon: You are ignoring the square-cube law. The giant ant would be crushed under the weight of its own exoskeleton. And for the record, the appropriate ranking of cool modes of transportation is jet pack, hoverboard, transporter, Batmobile, and then giant ant.
Leonard: Seriously? You have nothing better to do than sit around and discuss the possibility of giant ants?
Howard: Whats with him?
Sheldon: Perhaps hes at a sensitive point in his monthly cycle.
Howard: Are you saying hes man-struating?
Sheldon: Not literally. But as far back as the 17th century, scientists observed a 33-day fluctuation in mens hormone levels.
Raj: Interesting. That might explain my weepy days in the middle of the month. You know what Im talking about.
Scene: The comic book store.
Howard: Okay, forget giant ants. How about giant rabbits?
Raj: Big or small, I dont like rabbits. They always look like theyre about to say something, but they never do.
Sheldon: Rabbits do have a respiratory system that would support great size. And on a side note, they are one of the few mammals whose scrotum is in front of the penis.
Raj: Maybe thats what they want to talk about.
Howard: Leonard, where do you stand on giant rabbits and scrotal position?
Leonard: I honestly dont care.
Raj: Really? Because every time weve talked about unusual animal genitals, youve always had some pretty strong and controversial opinions.
Leonard: What do you want from me? I just dont give a rats ass.
Howard: Would that be a giant rats ass?
Sheldon: For the record, giant rats are possible.
Leonard: Can we please talk about something else? Maybe something vaguely related to life as we know it on this planet?
Howard: Okay, how about this for a topic, why is Leonard being a giant douche? Assuming giant douches are possible.
Sheldon: Of course they are. Leonards being one.
Raj: Maybe hes having a lovers spat with Penny.
Leonard: No, there was no spat.
Howard: Oh, but something happened.
Leonard: I dont want to talk about it.
Sheldon: But I sense youre going to and I dont want to hear about it. Excuse me.
Howard: Whatd you do, Romeo? You pour maple syrup all over your body and ask her if she was in the mood for a short stack?
Raj: Did you think it would be funny to put on a pair of her panties and jump around, but it wound up just creeping her out?
Leonard: What? No.
Raj: Im just asking, dude. It happens.
Stuart: You guys still on for bowling tonight?
Sheldon: Oh, yes. In fact, Ive prepared some trash talk for the occasion. You bowl like your mama. Unless, of course, she bowls well. In which case, you bowl nothing like her.
Stuart: Oh. Ouch.
Sheldon: That is what is referred to as a burn on you.
Howard: Did you ask her to start waxing?
Leonard: No.
Raj: Did you start waxing?
Leonard: No.
Howard: While making love, did you accidentally spank your own ass and cry out Mommy?
Leonard: Im walking away from you now.
Howard: That wasnt a no.
Raj: Yeah, I think were getting close.
Scene: The stairwell.
Howard: Did you take a Benadryl and fall asleep while pleasuring her? Because you can die that way.
Raj: Oh, that would be a good way to go.
Penny: Hi.
Leonard: Oh, hey.
Sheldon: Good, Penny, reminder, bowling tonight at seven oclock.
Penny: Oh, right, bowling.
Leonard: You dont have to come if you dont want to.
Penny: No, no, its okay. I mean, lets face it, you guys would get creamed without me.
Sheldon: We would indeed. In this particular case, your lack of femininity works to our advantage.
Penny: Its always nice chatting with you, Sheldon.
Sheldon: Sarcasm?
Penny: Thinly veiled contempt.
Sheldon: Remember, seven oclock.
Penny: Got it.
Sheldon: Pacific Daylight time!
Penny: Bite me!
Sheldon: Please reserve that butch spirit for the lanes.
Scene: The bowling alley.
Howard: I thought you were bringing your own bowling shoes.
Sheldon: These are my own bowling shoes.
Howard: Then whats with the disinfectant?
Sheldon: I know where my feet have been.
Stuart: Hey, Penny! And you guys. Albino Bob couldnt make it, so I brought a substitute. I believe some of you know Wil Wheaton.
Wil: Hi, Sheldon. Hows it going?
Sheldon: Well, well, well. If it isnt Wil Wheaton, the Green Goblin to my Spider-Man, the Pope Paul the fifth to my Galileo, the Internet Explorer to my Firefox.
Wil: Youre not still carrying a grudge because I beat you at that card tournament, are you?
Sheldon: Im the proud owner of Wil Wheaton stinks dot com, dot net, and dot org. What does that tell you?
Wil: It tells me that I am living rent-free right here (pointing at Sheldons head). You ready to bowl?
Sheldon: Oh, Im ready. I dont know if Stuart told you what youre up against tonight, but before you stands the co-captain of the East Texas Christian Youth Holy Roller Bowling League championship team. Seven to twelve year-old division. Also, Pennys pretty good.
Wil: Great. Then its on.
Sheldon: Oh, foolish Wil Wheaton, it was never off.
Time lapse.
Wil: Yes!
Sheldon: A common spare. The Miss Congeniality of the bowling pageant. Before you jump on Twitter to tout your modest accomplishment, watch how its really done. I am the ball. My thoughts are its thoughts. Its holes are my holes. (Gets a strike) Yes. Tweet that, Tweety Bird.
Howard: Hey, I just wanted to tell you Im a big fan.
Wil: Oh, thanks.
Howard: Im sure youre probably sick of Star Trek questions, but, Whoopi Goldberg, you ever hit that?
Raj: Ah, beer. The magic elixir that can turn this poor, shy Indian boy into the life of the party. Oh, yeah.
Leonard: Chilli cheese fry?
Penny: Yes. I love chilli cheese fries.
Leonard: Really? You love them?
Penny: Yeah, why?
Leonard: No reason. Im just glad to hear youre comfortable saying you love something.
Penny: Do you really want to get into this right now?
Leonard: Get into what? Why wouldnt you love the chilli cheese fries? Theyve been in your life a long time. They make you happy. They deserve to know.
Penny: Okay, look, you just caught me by surprise last night. I didnt know what to say.
Leonard: Okay, well, now youve had some time to think about it. So, what do you want to say?
Penny: Im not sure.
Leonard: How can you not be sure?
Penny: Okay, this isnt the place to have this conversation.
Leonard: No, the place to have the conversation was in bed after I said, I love you, and you said, Thank you, good night.
Penny: Dont push it, Leonard.
Leonard: I am not pushing anything.
Penny: You are. You dont get to decide when Im ready to say I love you!
Raj: Ah, the premature I love you.
Howard: I guessed premature. Does that count?
Scene: Pennys apartment door.
 
Sheldon: (Knock, knock, knock) Penny, (knock, knock, knock) Penny, (knock, knock, knock) Penny.
Penny: What?
Sheldon: This is for you.
Penny: Ice cream?
Sheldon: Ive been familiarizing myself with female emotional crises by studying the comic strip Cathy. When shes upset, she says Ach and eats ice cream.
Penny: Um, Ach.
Sheldon: If you were a cat, I would have brought you a lasagna.
Penny: Did Leonard send you over here?
Sheldon: No, we havent spoken since your abrupt departure last night caused us to forfeit to Stuart and his dastardly ringer Wil Wheaton.
Penny: Yeah, Im sorry about that.
Sheldon: Im not too proud to admit that I cried myself to sleep.
Penny: Again, Im sorry.
Sheldon: And let me tell you sleep did not come easily with Leonard in the next room singing along with Alanis Morrisette.
Penny: Youre kidding.
Sheldon: No. Clearly another woman in dire need of ice cream.
Penny: All right, Sheldon, what part of this is supposed to make me feel better?
Sheldon: The part where I tell you Ive engineered a rematch with Stuarts team for tonight.
Penny: Oh, honey, I dont know. Things are a little weird with Leonard right now.
Sheldon: You want me to remove him from the team? Im the captain, I can do that.
Penny: No, no, thats okay. Just let me talk to him, and Ill get back to you.
Sheldon: When are you going to talk to him?
Penny: I dont know.
Sheldon: Hes in the laundry room now. Now would be a good time.
Penny: Youre not gonna leave me alone until I do it, are you?
Sheldon: Oh, I think we both know the answer to that question.
Scene: The laundry room.
Penny: I think we should talk now.
Leonard: What? No, its okay. We dont have to talk cause theres nothing to talk about. Everythings good.
Penny: Really? So, you didnt get all snarky cause I said something nice to a bowl of chilli fries?
Leonard: All right, maybe I overreacted. So were in two different places emotionally. So what? And maybe Im a little ahead of you. Thats fine. You know. In fact, it makes sense, cause lets face it, Ive been in this relationship two years longer than you.
Penny: Look, Leonard, you have to know how much I care about you. Its just that Ive said the L word too soon before, and it didnt work out very well.
Leonard: Really? I wouldnt know what thats like.
Penny: Im sorry. You know what Im talking about, though.
Leonard: Yeah, I do.
Penny: So, were good?
Leonard: Yes, thats what Im telling you. We are good. We are great.
Sheldon: All right! Fence mended, problem swept under the rug. Time to bowl! Yes, I was eavesdropping, theres a lot at stake here.
Scene: The bowling alley.
 
Sheldon: Attention, all bowlers. Ive taken the liberty of having these made for our rematch.
Penny: The Wesley Crushers?
Sheldon: No, not the Wesley Crushers. The Wesley Crushers.
Penny: I dont get it.
Leonard: Wesley Crusher was Wil Wheatons character on Star Trek.
Penny: Still dont get it.
Sheldon: Its a blindingly clever play on words. By appropriating his characters name and adding the S, we imply that we well be the crushers of Wesley.
Penny: Okay, Im sorry, honey, but the Wesley Crushers sounds like a bunch of people who like Wesley Crusher.
Sheldon: What? No! Again, its not the Wesley Crushers. Its the Wesley Crushers.
Howard: You know, if you want it to mean youre crushing Wesley, itd be the Wesley Crushers.
Sheldon: Do you people even hear yourselves? Its not the Wesley Crushers. Its not the Wesley Crushers. Its the Wesley Crushers.
Wil: Hey, look. They named their team after me.
Sheldon: No, its not the Never mind.
Stuart: So, were all clear on the bet and the stakes?
Sheldon: Oh, yes. The losers will be publicly humiliated in a fashion to be chosen by the victor. FYI, I plan on having you publish a scientific paper expounding the discredited Velikovsky hypothesis.
Stuart: Ouch again.
Wil: Hey, Sheldon, I just wanted you to know that Im really looking forward to wiping the floor with you.
Sheldon: Oh, yes? Well, before I respond, let me ask you a question. Is your mother a good or poor bowler?
Time lapse.
 
Wil: After you.
Sheldon: No, after you, as we are currently crushing you, Wesley.
Wil: Its customary for the player on the right-hand lane to bowl first.
Sheldon: All right.
Wil: Its a custom, not a rule.
Sheldon: I so loathe you.
Wil: Thats right, Sheldon. Embrace the dark side.
Sheldon: Thats not even from your franchise!
Stuart: I, um, I want you to know that even though were on opposite sides, I, I bear you no ill will.
Penny: Thank you, Stuart. Its nice to know.
Stuart: Mmm, mmm. People from opposite sides often have good relationships. You know, Romeo and Juliet, Tony and Maria from West Side Story, whats-his-name and the big blue chick in Avatar. Im gonna bowl now.
Sheldon: Be the ball, Howard.
Howard: Leave me alone, Sheldon.
Sheldon: You werent the ball.
Penny: Hey, thanks.
Leonard: This is fun, huh?
Penny: Yeah.
Leonard: Its good that we got out and did something physical.
Penny: Mm-hmm.
Leonard: Gets us out of our heads. You get in your head, you start to overthink, overanalyze, obsess, you worry. Thats not what were doing tonight. Tonight were just throwing a ball at some pins.
Penny: Yeah, thats right.
Leonard: Mm-hmm, and someday, we dont know when, maybe youll love me back. Ooh, Im up.
All (chanting): Shel-don! Shel-don! Shel-don! Shel-don!
Sheldon: Excuse me. I dont know who youre chanting for as I am currently the ball.
All (chanting): The ball! The ball! The ball! The ball! The ball! The ball!
Sheldon: Thank you, Jesus! As my mother would say.
Wil: Im glad you patched things up with your boyfriend.
Penny: Oh, yeah, me, too.
Wil: Its always tough when the L bomb gets dropped and youre not ready for it.
Penny: Tell me about it.
Wil: I dated this one girl, and I told her that I loved her, and she said she wasnt sure. And she strung me along for almost two years. It was brutal.
Penny: Oh, Im sorry.
Wil: Thanks. Yeah, I wish she had just broken up with me right there, put me out of my misery.
Penny: Really?
Wil: Yeah, would have been kinder.
Stuart: Wil, youre up.
Wil: Oh, thats me.
Sheldon: Did you let Wil Wheaton get in your head?
Penny: What are you talking about?
Sheldon: Hes evil. He plays evil mind games. Did he tell you his grandmother died?
Penny: No!
Sheldon: Well, if he does, dont believe it. Hes not above playing the dead meemaw card.
Wil: Yes!
Sheldon: Enjoy the accolades now, Wil Wheaton, but like your time on Star Trek: Next Generation, your smug self-satisfaction will be short-lived.
Leonard: Penny, youre up.
Sheldon: All right, remember, his meemaws alive and be the ball.
Penny: Yeah, I got it.
Leonard: We really need a strike here.
Penny: I know.
Leonard: So just take your time and concentrate.
Penny: Leonard, stop pressuring me.
Leonard: Im not pressuring you.
Penny: Yeah, you are! Just back off!
Leonard: Okay, Im sorry. Ill shut up.
Penny: I didnt mean shut up.
Leonard: Fine. Just tell me what to do, and Ill do it.
Penny: No, this isnt fair to you, Leonard. Im sorry.
Sheldon: Wait! Where are you going? Penny, come back! Ill get you ice cream!
Leonard: No, let her go.
Sheldon: Are you insane? If she leaves, its over!
Leonard: Im pretty sure its already over.
Wil: Tough luck, Sheldon.
Sheldon: You did this, didnt you?
Wil: Do you think I would really break up a couple just to win a bowling match?
Sheldon: No, I suppose not.
Wil: Good. Keep thinking that.
Sheldon: Wheaton!
Scene: The comic book store.
Stuart: Mm-hmm, mm-hmm, yeah, Im telling you the Match.com chicks are much looser than on eHarmony. You know, I, I gotta call you back. I won a bet, and its time to collect.
(The guys enter dressed as female superheroes. Howard is Batgirl, Sheldon is Wonder Woman, Leonard is Supergirl and Raj is Catwoman.)
Raj: I dont know about you, but I feel empowered.
