Scene: The apartment.
 
Howard: All right, thats the last servo. Behold the Mobile Omnidirectional Neutralization and Termination Eradicator. Or
All: MONTE.
Howard: Featuring one articulated razor-sharp killing saw, one polycarbonate grinding and flipping wheel, steel armour plate exoskeleton top and bottom, and enough horsepower to drive a 110 pounds of mechanized death from zero to holy crap in 4.8 seconds.
Sheldon: Is it wrong to say I love our killer robot?
Raj: As with my father, I both love and fear it.
Howard: All right, enough chitchat, lets destroy something.
Together (lifting): One, two, three, go.
Raj: Okay. What shall be first to taste the wrath of Monte?
Leonard: Maybe we should start small.
Raj: Okay. Ooh, perhaps today is the day we finally find out whats inside the Magic Eight Ball.
Sheldon: Did it when I was four. Its an icosahedral dye floating in tinted blue water.
Raj: Man, call spoiler alert before you say things like that.
Leonard: How about the toaster oven?
Sheldon: What did the toaster oven ever do to you?
Leonard: What did I ever do to Jimmy Mullins in the third grade? He still punched me in the face with my own fists. Sorry, you little nerd, you were just in the wrong boys room at the wrong time.
Howard: Gentlemen, goggles.
Sheldon: Yeah, this is an auspicious moment. Yeah, like Robert Oppenheimer or Neil Armstrong, we need the appropriate words to mark this historic scientific event.
Raj: How about Die, toaster, die?
Leonard: Thatll do it.
Raj (after watching complete destruction of toaster oven): All right, whats next?
Scene: The stairwell.
Penny: No, I think Im just going to stay in tonight and do laundry. (Monte bursts through boys door. Penny screams and runs down the stairs.)
 
Credits sequence.
Scene: Outside in stairwell
Howard: Oh yeah, they still got the full Monte.
Penny: Leonard?
Leonard: Uh-huh?
Penny: What the hell?
Leonard: Killer robot. We built it.
Penny: Yeah, well, it almost killed me.
Sheldon: If it wanted to kill you, youd be dead.
Penny: So, who exactly does it want to kill?
Sheldon: Im sorry, are you unaware of the upcoming Southern California Robot Fighting League Round Robin Invitational?
Penny: You know, since I moved last year, not all my mail has been forwarded.
Howard: Its a big deal. Theres an awards banquet and a dance afterward. Perhaps youd like to come with me. I know the other fellas would be really excited to see a girl there.
Penny: How is it supposed to be a dance if Im the only girl?
Howard: Well, that may be a slight exaggeration. Youd be the only doable girl.
Penny: Youre a pig, Howard.
Howard: How is doable anything but a compliment?
Leonard: Howard, why dont we just work on the robot?
Howard: Please, Leonard, not now. Once again, Penny and I have begun our little tango.
Penny: Our tango?
Howard: The carnal repartee, the erotic to and fro. But as delicious as the appetizer might be, at some point we will have to succumb and eat the entree while its still hot.
Leonard: Im begging you, stop talking.
Penny: Look, normally I can just ignore you. I mean, I get it, youre a little peculiar. You know, like Sheldon.
Sheldon: Yeah, excuse me, Penny, but in this room, youre the one whos peculiar.
Penny: Yeah, you might be right. But back to you. I know you think youre some sort of smooth-talking ladies man, but the truth is, you are just pathetic and creepy.
Howard: Um, so what are you saying?
Penny: I am saying it is not a compliment to call me doable. Its not sexy to stare at my ass and say, Ooh, it must be jelly cause jam dont shake like that. And most important, we are not dancing a tango, were not toing and froing. Nothing is ever going to happen between us. Ever.
Howard: Wait a minute. This isnt flirting, youre serious.
Penny: Flirting? You think Im flirting with you? I am not flirting with you, no woman is ever gonna flirt with you, youre just gonna grow old and die alone.
Howard: Thanks for the heads up.
Leonard: Howard, where you going?
Howard: Im going home to live my creepy, pathetic life.
Leonard: Wow.
Penny: Well, someone had to say it. (Raj whispers in Leonards ear) What?
Leonard: He said maybe we should enter you in the killer robot competition.
Scene: Howards bedroom.
Howards Mother (voice): Howard, the phone is ringing!
Howard: Heres a crazy idea, Ma, answer it!
Howards Mother (voice): Hello? All right, hold on. Its your friend, Leonard! He wants to know why youre not at school today!
Howard: I dont go to school, Ma. I work at a university.
Howards Mother (voice): Thats a school! Now pick up the phone!
Howard: I dont want to talk to anybody.
Howards Mother (voice): Should I ask Leonard to bring over your homework?!
Howard: I dont have homework. Im a grown man with a masters degree in engineering!
Howards Mother (voice): Excuse me, Mr. Fancy-Pants. Want me to get you a Popsicle?
Howard: Cherry, please!
Howards Mother (voice): I ate the cherry. All thats left is green.
Howard: You make me want to kill myself.
Scene: The university cafeteria. Other end of the phone call.
Raj: Whats going on?
Leonard: I dont know, now theyre just yelling about Popsicles. Sounds like Penny really got to him.
Raj: Im not surprised. Despite his hard and crusty shell, Howard is a very sensitive man. Do you know he writes poetry? Mostly about men from Nantucket and hermits named Dave, but he does it with real sensitivity.
Kripke (arriving): Hey, Hofstadter. Word around the pwasma wab is you built a wobot?
Leonard: Yes, we did, Kripke.
Sheldon: His name is Monte.
Kripke: Well, if you have any dewusions about entewing him against my wobot, the Kwipke Kwippler in the Southern California Wobot Fighting League Wound Wobin Invitational, aka the S.C.aw.F.L.aw.aw.I., his name is gonna be Swrap Metal.
Leonard: Come on, is that really necessary?
Sheldon: Leonard, I believe it is. This is trash talk, and trash talk is a traditional component in all sporting events. Kripke, your robot is inferior and it will be defeated by ours because ours exceeds yours in both design and execution. Also, Im given to understand that your mother is overweight.
Raj: Oh, snap.
Sheldon: Now, of course, if that is the result of a glandular condition and not sloth and gluttony, I withdraw that comment.
Raj: What difference does it make? Fat is fat.
Sheldon: There are boundaries.
Kripke: Tell you what, forget the S.C.aw.F.L.aw.aw.I., lets settle this woboto a woboto.
Sheldon: What do you mean?
Kripke: Theres no guawantee weve gotta go against each other in the Wound Wobin, so lets thwow down. You know, unless youre afwaid.
Sheldon: We accept your challenge. Name a time and place.
Kripke: Tomowow, thwee oclock, the kinetics wab.
Sheldon: Make it so.
Leonard: No, dont make it so. Barry, we cant fight you tomorrow, our engineer is incapacitated.
Kripke: Whats wrong with him?
Raj: Hes depressed because hes pathetic and creepy and he cant get girls.
Kripke: Were all pathetic and cweepy and cant get girls, thats why we fight wobots. If youre not there, youll be exposed to widicule.
Raj: Im curious, what part of America is that accent from?
Scene: Outside Pennys door.
 
Penny: Hey.
Leonard: Hey, you got a minute?
Penny: Yeah, come on in. Whats up?
Leonard: I need you to apologize to How
Penny: Get out.
Leonard: Come on. Wolowitz wont come out of his house and we need him for a robot battle.
Penny: Well, then have the robot go and get him.
Leonard: The robot didnt hurt his feelings.
Penny: His feelings needed to be hurt.
Leonard: Hes been in bed for two days.
Penny: Yeah, probably with a blow-up doll.
Leonard: Hes not with a does it really matter who or what hes with? The guy is devastated.
Penny: Oh, please, how could I possibly devastate Howard?
Leonard: Okay, dont take this as a criticism, but you kind of have that overexposed-to-gamma-rays thing going on.
Penny: What does that mean?
Leonard: You know, like, most of the time, youre the easygoing Bruce Banner, but then, when you get angry, you kind of turn into, like, you know, grrrrr!
Penny: I turn into a bear?
Leonard: Seriously? Gamma rays? Bruce Banner? You didnt get The Incredible Hulk from that? Never mind, just, please go talk to him.
Penny: And say what? That I didnt mean it, because I meant it.
Leonard: Well, maybe you can go at it from a different angle, like, um, you see a glimmer of goodness in him and you only said what you said because you want to nurture it and make it shine.
Penny: Oh, pthththth.
Leonard: Okay, lets try it this way. Remember the day that we first met and you asked me to go to your boyfriends apartment to get your TV back and he was nine feet tall and he took my pants off and you said what was that? What did you say? Oh, yes, you said you owed me one.
Penny: Okay, come on, thats not fair.
Leonard: I came home with no pants.
Penny: Fine, Ill go over there tomorrow.
Leonard: Thank you. I should probably give you a heads up about his mother.
Penny: What about her?
Leonard: Shes a delightful woman. Youll love her.
Scene: Howards bedroom.
Howards Mother (voice): Howard, theres a blonde girl, Patsy, here to see you!
Howard: Who?
Howards Mother (voice): Okay, now shes saying its Penny.
Howard: I dont want to talk to her.
Penny (entering): Hey.
Howard: Ma!
Howards Mother (voice): She ran past me. Was I supposed to tackle her?
Penny: So, I just came by to see how you were doing.
Howard: Im fine.
Penny: Good. Your mom seems nice.
Howard: People move away from her on the bus. What do you want?
Penny: Okay, look. Howard, I just want to apologize for some things that I have said. About you. Ive been informed that you have feelings. And apparently, I have hurt them. So, Im sorry. Howard.
Howard: Fine, youre sorry. Good-bye.
Penny: So, youre okay?
Howard: Hey, Im a big boy. Im not traumatized by some random comment from some random woman. I mean, get over yourself.
Penny: Okay. Well, bye. (Penny leaves room. Sound of Howard crying through door.) So close (goes back in.)
Scene: The apartment. The guys are watching footage on a laptop screen.
 
Leonard: Oh, my God. Thats Kripkes robot?
Kripke (voice): As you can see, the Kwippler is weducing the Chevy Cavawier to wubble.
Raj: I cant watch anymore.
Leonard: Sheldon, we have to call it off.
Sheldon: We dont have that option, weve accepted the challenge. We cant run away from a fight.
Leonard: Oh, please, weve spent our whole lives running away from fights. Personally, I can squeeze through a hole in a fence half my size.
Sheldon: Impressive as that may be, Monte is not us. Monte has no fear.
Raj: Sheldon, did we all not just watch the same video? Kripkes robot just had angry sex with a mid-sized automobile.
Sheldon: You are overlooking the fact that we now know what were up against and we can modify Monte so that hes prepared.
Leonard: You want to prepare him? Install a bladder and a pair of shorts so he can wet himself.
Raj: Excuse me, but how are we going to make any modifications without Wolowitz? Have you heard from Penny yet?
Leonard: Not yet.
Sheldon: Have faith, gentlemen. We dont need Wolowitz, engineering is merely the slow younger brother of physics. Watch and learn. Do either of you know how to open the toolbox?
Scene: Howards bedroom. 
Howard: And then, when I was 14, I met Marcy Grossman. She was so beautiful. She just got her braces off but they left a little of the overbite. It was so hot, like a sexy little chipmunk. I didnt have the courage to ask her out, but I dedicated a song to her at the ninth grade talent show.
Penny: Aw, that sounds sweet.
Howard: Marcy Grossman is sunshine, on a cloudy day, when its cold outside, Marcy Grossman is the month of May
Penny: Oh, its cute.
Howard: I guess youd say, what can make me feel this way, Marcy Grossman, Marcy Grossman, Marcy Grossman, Talkin bout Marcy
Penny: Thats great.
Howard: Grossman.
Penny: Oh, its fun.
Howard: And then she came up with that sexy little chipmunk mouth and spit in my hair. Which brings us to tenth grade.
Penny: Howard, do you think maybe sometimes you try too hard?
Howard: Look at me. What chance do I have if I dont try too hard?
Penny: Well, youd have a terrific chance. I mean, youre smart, youre funny, you have a cool job. You build stuff that goes into outer space.
Howard: I guess.
Penny: Look, Im telling you, Ive known you for, like, a year and a half and this is the first time I feel like Im talking to a real person. And you know what? I like him, hes a nice guy.
Howard: You really think so?
Penny: Yes.
Howard: I dont know.
Penny: I do. (Howard tries to kiss her. She punches him.)
Scene: The lab. 
 
Leonard: Nice little bot youve got here.
Kripke: Im aware.
Leonard: Whats this do, spin?
Kripke: Yep. At 3400 RPM. It can cut through steel like it was wubber.
Leonard: Neat. Good work. Sheldon, weve got to call this off.
Sheldon: No, Leonard. For years, merciless thugs like Kripke have made my life a series of painful noogies and humiliating wedgies and the insensitively named Indian burns. That stops now.
Raj: But, Sheldon, we dont have a chance. The only improvement you were able to make on the robot was to put fresh batteries in the remote.
Sheldon: What you fail to realize is Kripke suffers from a fatal flaw, overconfidence from his robots massive size and its overwhelming power.
Raj: Thats not overconfidence, thats observation.
Sheldon: Trust me, Kripke will fall easy prey to my psychological warfare. Observe. Kripke! I would ask if your robot is prepared to meet its maker, but as you are its maker, clearly the two of you have met.
Kripke: What is his pwoblem?
Raj: Way to bust out the Jedi mind tricks, dude.
Leonard: I just want to make sure that were all clear, standard robotic fighting league rules apply.
Kripke: Are you cwazy? This is a stweet fight, the stweet has no rules.
Sheldon: Hes right, Leonard. The paradigm is to the death.
Kripke: I will, however, give you the opportunity to concede my supewiowity now and offer me your wobot as the spoils of war.
Sheldon: Never. Id rather see Monte dead than in your hands.
Kripke: That could be easily awanged. Weady, set, go?
Sheldon: Do it.
Kripke: Alwight then. Weady. Set. Go.
Raj: Come on, Sheldon, you got this.
Sheldon: Indeed. We are prepared for anything he can throw at us. (A flame begins to jet out of Kripkes robot.) Thats new.
Leonard: Run, Monte, run!
Raj: Go, Monte! Go Monte!
Leonard: Go, go, go, go!
Sheldon: Dont hurt us, dont hurt us,
Scene: The apartment. Monte is in pieces on the table.
Leonard: Well, so much for making up for the emotional wounds of childhood.
Sheldon: I did this. Monte was killed by my hubris and my pride. No matter what anybody says, this is my fault.
Raj: No ones arguing with you, dude.
Howard (arriving): I got your text. How bad is Oy.
Leonard: Forget the robot. What happened to you?
Penny: He slipped and fell.
Howard: Yes, I slipped and fell. In the bathroom. Bounced right off the tub.
Penny: Yes, now he knows what bathtubs are capable of doing when you dont treat them with respect.
Howard: Yeah. They sucker punch you when your eyes are closed.
Sheldon: So what do you think, Howard? Its not that bad, right?
Howard: Oh, no. A little electrical tape, some solder. Are you insane? Ive seen space probes that crashed into the desert that were in better shape than this.
Sheldon: Youre right. Montes gone. Well bury him in the morning. A simple ceremony. Ill speak. Leonard, youll play your cello.
Penny: Sheldon, honey, arent you getting a little carried away? I mean, its just a toy robot.
Sheldon: Just a toy robot?
Leonard: Penny.
Penny: I know, I got it. Sheldon, Im sorry.
Howard: Well, dont get the wrong idea. The way I see it, Im halfway to pity sex.
