Scene: The Apartment.
Raj: Howards capsule should be re-entering the atmosphere any minute.
Leonard: Itll be good to have him back.
Raj: The Fantastic Four reunited.
Sheldon: Yeah, you had a good run, Fake Wolowitz. Well remember you with nostalgic fondness, the way we do the dial-up modem, the VHS tape, or, or Leonards gym membership.
Raj: Were not kicking him out. Stuart and I have become good friends.
Sheldon: Okay, one vote for, one vote against. Leonard, youre the tiebreaker.
Leonard: I dont have a problem with Stuart. Besides, he gives us a twenty percent discount at his comic book store.
Sheldon: Well, I dont sell my friendship that cheaply.
Stuart: I can go thirty.
Sheldon: Welcome aboard, old chum.
Raj: Okay, the NASA Web site says Howards final descent has begun.
Sheldon: He left a boy, he returns a boy-sized hero.
Scene: The Soyuz Capsule. Howard is screaming.
Dimitri: Loops, calm down!
Howard (singing): Baruch atah, Adonai, Eloheinu. Melech haolam, hamotzi. Lechem min haaretz
Mike: Whats that?
Howard: The Jewish prayer for eating bread! We dont have one for falling out of space! We did it! Were on the ground! We survived!
Mike: That was just the parachute. We still have another six miles to go. (Howard screams again)
Credits sequence.
Scene: The Airport Arrivals Hall.
Bernadette: Waiting for my husband.
Man in Suit: Thats nice.
Bernadette: Hes coming back from outer space.
Man in Suit: I think this flights coming from Houston.
Bernadette: No, I mean, he Never mind. There he is! Howie!
Various others (all at once): Howie! Howie!
Howard: Whoa, thank you. Great to be back on Earth.
Howie Mandel: Uh, I think theyre here for me, Ringo.
Man in Suit: Mr. Mandel, Im your driver.
Howie Mandel: Oh, thanks. That nut job was telling everybody on the plane hes an astronaut.
Bernadette: I missed you so much.
Howard: I missed you, too. Where are the guys?
Bernadette: Oh, its just me.
Howard: Oh, I get it. Theyre waiting back home with a big surprise party. Dont worry, I can act surprised. (Does)
Bernadette: No, I told them they could have you tomorrow night. Tonight, you belong to me. (Sneezes) 
Howard: Gesundheit. You okay?
Bernadette: I am now that youre back. Come on, lets go home so I can tear off those little pants.
Howard: Great. Just keep in mind astronauts lose a lot of muscle tone in space, so you might have to do most of the heavy lifting.
Scene: The apartment. 
Sheldon: You know, I am very disappointed that I wont be able to celebrate Howards accomplishment tonight.
Amy: Me, too. But well see him tomorrow.
Sheldon: Yes, its just that in all the years Ive known him, hes never had the opportunity to receive my admiration. I was excited to see the look on his face when it finally happened.
Penny: Youre unbelievable.
Sheldon: I know.
Leonard: All right, Pictionary. What are the teams?
Penny: How about boys versus girls?
Sheldon: Oh, that hardly seems fair. But I guess any team that Im not on has a decided disadvantage.
Penny: Once again, unbelievable.
Sheldon: Yeah, once again, I know.
Penny: All right, round one. Here.
Sheldon: Got it.
Penny: Okay. Ready, set, go.
Amy: Uh, box? Uh, window?
Leonard: Batman. Batman and Robin. Uh, Wonder Twins plus the monkey. Wonder Twins plus the monkey and Batman.
Amy: Uh, gift? Uh, Present!
Penny: Present! Yeah!
Sheldon: Oh, Leonard. Now, how can you not get that?
Leonard: In what universe is that a present?
Sheldon: Its not a present, its the present. Look. Theres you and me. Theres Penny and Amy. Were playing Pictionary. In the present.
Penny: Oh, my God, were gonna kill them.
Later
Sheldon: Its a quark-gluon plasma.
Leonard: No.
Sheldon: Its asymptotically free partons inside a quark-gluon plasma.
Leonard: Nothing with quarks.
Sheldon: Its an observational rebuttal of the Lambda-CDM model of the universe.
Leonard: No.
Penny: Its a chocolate chip cookie.
Amy: Yes.
Leonard: How could you miss that?
Sheldon: Hey, if you want someone to guess chocolate chip cookie, you draw a glass of milk next to it.
Leonard: Penny got it.
Sheldon: Yeah, only after I eliminated all the obvious answers. Youre welcome.
Later
Leonard: Oh, uh, uh, uh, sausage. Uh, uh, uh, uh, bratwurst? Oh, oh, a hot dog.
Amy: Penny, arent you gonna draw something?
Penny: Relax, we got time, this is so fun.
Sheldon: There.
Leonard: A solar system. Uh, uh, uh, uh, um, unidentified flying liverwurst? I dont
Amy: Now?
Penny: Soon.
Sheldon: Come on, Leonard, I am spoon-feeding this to you.
Leonard: I dont know, uh, Casper the alcoholic ghost?
Penny: All right, thats enough. (Draws)
Amy: Uh, hand. Uh, nail, polish?
Penny: Yep!
Sheldon: Wait, no, no. No. The word is Polish. See, look. Polish sausage. And the, the model of the solar system developed by Nicolaus Copernicus, a Polish astronomer. And then, finally, if that wasnt enough, which it should have been, this is Madame Curie killing herself by discovering radium, who, although she was a naturalized French citizen, was Polish by birth.
Penny: Excuse me, the word is polish. See? Small P.
Sheldon: Ah. So it is. I guess we both share blame on this one.
Scene: Howard and Bernadettes Bedroom.
Howard: Bernie, you okay?
Bernadette (off): Yeah, Ill be right there. (Hacking and coughing noises)
Howard: Did you get a sea lion while I was gone?
Bernadette: Its just allergies.
Howard: Okay.
Bernadette: Took some Benadryl. Ill be fine. So, did you miss me?
Howard: Oh. Are you kidding? Every minute of every
Bernadette (has a coughing fit): Ew. Excuse me.
Howard: Sweetie, we dont have to do this now.
Bernadette: Yes, we do. You left right after we got married. This is like our honeymoon. Now, hold on to your hat. Oh. Uh-oh.
Howard: You okay?
Bernadette: A little dizzy. Must be the Benadryl. Switch places with me.
Howard: Okay.
Bernadette: Now, kiss me. (He does. She starts snoring)
Howard: Bernadette? Bernie? Bernie?
Bernadette (waking suddenly): That was amazing. You made me feel things I never (starts snoring again)
Howard: Well, that was quick, and a little gross. Now, I know how she feels.
Scene: The apartment. 
Penny: Hey, Sheldon, youre always full of fun little facts. Where did the expression got your ass handed to you come from?
Sheldon: Dont know.
Penny: I wonder if its from, like, ancient Rome where theyd actually chop somebodys ass off and then go, here. You know, to appease Loseroneous, the god of losers.
Sheldon: I am not a loser. Pictionary is not a true test of any real intelligence or skill.
Leonard: Mmm, in all fairness, Pictionary has verbal skills, visual skills. Its a pretty well-rounded game.
Sheldon: Lot of big talk from a man who cant draw a chocolate chip cookie.
Penny: All right, fine, pick another game. Amy and I will beat you at anything.
Sheldon: All right. Lets play Physics Fiesta.
Penny: Oh, come on, what is that?
Sheldon: Its a game that I just invented, in which the participants answer physics questions in remedial Spanish. Um, Dnde est el boson de Higgs?
Leonard: En el acelerador de particulares.
Sheldon: Bueno, mi amigo.
Penny: No, no, were not playing some dumb made-up game.
Sheldon: All games are made up. Theyre not found in nature. You dont just dig in the ground, come across a rich vein of Rockem Sockem Robots.
Leonard: Just pick another game.
Amy: Why dont we do something athletic like go over to the university pool and play water polo?
Leonard: No good, Sheldon doesnt float.
Sheldon: That is true. I have a higher than normal body density. If I run too deep a bath, I drown.
Amy: All right, lets keep it simple. How about darts?
Sheldon: No, thats not fair either.
Penny: Why not?
Sheldon: Darts is a bar game. Youve been frequenting drinking establishments since you were of legal age.
Leonard: Yeah, thats when it started.
Sheldon: Well, regardless, she has a distinct advantage in all tavern-based competitions. Pool, beer pong, wet T-shirt contests, theyre all out.
Penny: Okay. Just for the record, I have never entered a wet T-shirt contest. Ive won a few, but thats just because I spill when Im drunk, so
Amy: We could go to the cadaver lab at UCLA and play real-life Operation.
Sheldon: No.
Leonard: Uh-uh.
Penny: I dont think so.
Amy: Are you sure? I mean, the nose doesnt light up, but if the corpse is fresh enough, sometimes you can get the leg to jerk.
Scene: Mrs Wolowitzs House.
Howard: Hey, Ma, twinkle, twinkle, your little star is home. Ma, the chains on the door.
Mrs Wolowitz (off): Howard? I thought I wasnt going to see you till tomorrow.
Howard: Yeah, well, Bernies not feeling well, so I thought Id stop by, tell you about the greatest adventure of my life, see if you can make me feel bad about it.
Mrs Wolowitz (off): Uh, uh, okay, hold on, Im not decent.
Howard: All right. Woman hasnt tied her robe in 20 years. Suddenly shes not decent?
Mans Voice (off): You want me to hide in the closet or go out the back?
Mrs Wolowitz (off): Shh, you need to whisper.
Howard: Ma, who is in there?
Mrs Wolowitz (off): Uh, nobody. The TV is on.
Mans Voice (off): I only got one sock. Wheres my other sock?
Howard: Who is that?
Mrs Wolowitz (off): I told you, its the TV. Jay Leno lost a sock, its hilarious.
Howard: If youre busy, I can come back.
Mrs Wolowitz (off): Just give me a second. Go, go, go, go.
Howard (to man climbing out window): Dr. Schneider?
Dr Schneider: Oh, hello, Howard.
Howard: What are you doing here?
Dr Schneider: Um, house call.
Howard: Youre a dentist.
Dr Schneider: Yes, yes, I am. I think hes on to us.
Scene: The apartment.
Penny: Okay, glasses off. Find Waldo.
Sheldon: Hurry up, find him, find him.
Leonard: Im trying. Dont yell at me.
Sheldon: For goodness sake, hes wearing a hat, glasses, and a red striped shirt.
Leonard: I know what he looks like.
Amy: Oh, there he is, I got him.
Penny: Yes, we win again.
Sheldon: How could you not find him?
Leonard: Because hes hard to find. If he was easy to find, the books would be called Theres Waldo.
Later. Penny and Sheldon have their foreheads on light sabres and are spinning.
Leonard: 57, 58, 59, thats one minute.
Amy: Long division, long division. Go, go, go.
Leonard: Remember, show your work.
Sheldon: Im okay. Im okay. Im not okay.
Leonard: Get up, we cant lose at math.
Penny: 37.
Amy: Yes.
Later 
Amy: Ready, set, wrestle. (Penny pins Sheldon straight away) One, two, three, pin.
Penny: Mwah!
Sheldon: Stop that.
Penny: Mwah!
Sheldon: Amy, do something. Amy, help. Amy, stop that. Amy, Penny, both of you, stop it.
Scene: Rajs apartment.
Howard: One to beam aboard?
Raj: Oh, my God, youre back. Oh, look at you. You, you look like you grew.
Howard: Yeah. The lack of gravity did decompress my spine, so Im like an inch and a half taller. Im going to the DMV tomorrow to get my license changed before I shrink back.
Raj: Oh, uh, come in, come in. Oh, I, uh, I didnt think I was going to get to see you until tomorrow.
Howard: Yeah, well, Bernadettes a little under the weather and my moms kind of under my dentist.
Raj: Wait, your, your mother is sleeping with your dentist?
Howard: Former dentist. I need a new one now that I know where his hands have been.
Raj: So youre wandering all around by yourself? Thats not the kind of heros welcome an astronaut should come home to.
Howard: Its okay, you know, we space cowboys dont do what we do for glory and fame. We leave that to your rock stars and your athletes and your Howie Mandels.
Stuart: Oh, hey, man, welcome back.
Howard: Oh, Stuart, thanks. What are you doing here?
Stuart: I, I kind of live here now.
Raj: Just until he gets back on his feet, which are looking pretty good in the boots I bought him for his birthday.
Stuart: Ah, hes spoiling me and I love it.
Howard: Wow, so you guys are like buds now?
Raj: Oh, yeah, we hang out all the time.
Stuart: Plus, he doesnt have a girlfriend, I dont have a girlfriend.
Raj: Its like we both had these holes in our lives, but now we fill each others holes.
Stuart: Uh, that sounds a little funny to an American ear.
Raj: Which part?
Stuart: Just all of it.
Howard: Okay, so what do you guys got going on tonight?
Stuart: Raj is taking me to the Sound of Music sing-along.
Howard: Sound of Music sing-along? That used to be our thing, but thats cool.
Raj: Oh, Howard, its still our thing. Come with us, well, well get you a scalped ticket.
Howard: So Id be sitting by myself?
Raj: Well switch. Youll come sit with me after intermission.
Stuart: So I, I, Id be sitting by myself during Edelweiss?
Howard: No, no, you guys go. Have fun.
Raj: Okay, uh, will I get to see you tomorrow?
Howard: Absolutely. See you, Stuart.
Stuart: Yeah, yeah. Is he taller?
Howard: At least my mother made her boyfriend climb out the window.
Scene: The apartment. 
Penny: All right, standard state fair pie-eating contest rules are, no hands, first one to clean the pan wins.
Amy: On the count of three. One, two
Sheldon: Wait. Im a little concerned. Blueberries are rich in antioxidants.
Leonard: So?
Sheldon: So, with all those antioxidants, what if I run out of oxidants?
Leonard: Sheldon, we havent won a game all night. Now, you either stick your face in that pie or Im gonna stick that pie in your face.
Sheldon: Thats rude.
Amy: One, two, three, eat.
Howard: Hey, guys, guess whos back from space.
All: Not now!
Sheldon: Oh, ow, blueberry in my nose, blueberry in my nose!
Leonard: Snort it down and keep eating!
Scene: A diner.
Waitress: You look familiar.
Howard: I dont think so.
Waitress: Yeah, I just saw you on the news. Youre an astronaut.
Howard: Yes. Yes, I am.
Waitress: Good for you. How about a piece of cheesecake on the house?
Howard: Oh, thank you so much. Ive been having the worst night. I just got back, and my friends dont care, my wifes sick, I went to my mom
Waitress: You want the cheesecake or not?
Howard: Yes, please. (Sings) And I think its gonna be long, long time till touchdown brings me round again to find Im not the man they think I am at home, oh, no, oh, no, Im a rocket man. (Sneezes) Perfect.
