Scene: The apartment
Penny: Hey, Leonard, check this out. (Throws some food in the air and catches it in her mouth)
Sheldon: Leonard, shes doing it again.
Leonard: I think it upsets Sheldon when you play with the food.
Sheldon: No. It upsets Sheldon when she willy-nilly takes it from the containers without regard for its equitable distribution. This is essentially why you have famine in India.
Penny: You want me to put it back?
Sheldon: Leonard.
Leonard: It upsets Sheldon when you play with the Sheldon.
Howard (arriving): Whats up, my nerdizzles? Raj, Sheldon, I want you to meet my girlfriend Bernadette.
Sheldon: Hello.
Howard: Leonard, Penny, you know my girlfriend Bernadette.
Leonard: Yeah. Hey.
Howard: Bernadette, say foshizzle to my nerdizzles.
Bernadette: I dont think I can. I dont have Howards street cred.
Howard: I hope its all right, I told my girlfriend Bernadette she could join us for dinner.
Leonard: Sure. The more, the merrier.
Sheldon: Wait, no, thats a false equivalency. More does not equal merry. If there were 2,000 people in this apartment right now, would we be celebrating? No, wed be suffocating.
Leonard: Sheldon
Sheldon: Dont Sheldon me. We ordered for five people, not six.
Penny: Oh, come on, its fine. Well just put it all on the table, you know, family style.
Sheldon: Oh, sure. And while were at it, why dont we put our hands behind our backs, have an old-fashioned eating contest?
Leonard: Relax, itll be fine, sit down, you guys.
Everyone: NO!
Bernadette: What?
Penny: Oh, yeah, you cant sit there.
Bernadette: Why not?
Leonard: Thats where Sheldon sits.
Bernadette: He cant sit somewhere else?
Penny: Oh no, no, you see, in the winter, that seat is close enough to the radiator so that hes warm, yet not so close that he sweats. In the summer, its directly in the path of a cross-breeze created by opening windows there and there. It faces the television at an angle that isnt direct, so he can still talk to everybody, yet not so wide that the picture looks distorted.
Sheldon: Perhaps theres hope for you after all.
Credits sequence.
 
Scene: A few moments later. 
Bernadette: Ooh, I love your shoes.
Penny: Oh, thanks. They are cute, arent they?
Bernadette: Whered you get them?
Penny: Shoes for Less.
Bernadette: Ive been meaning to go over there.
Penny: Oh, great selection, great prices.
Sheldon: My mother was right. Hell is real.
Howard: Come on, Sheldon. let the womenfolk chat.
Penny: Womenfolk?
Howard: Gals? Chicks? Utero-Americans?
Penny: Just eat your dinner.
Bernadette: Dont take him too seriously, a lot of what he says is intended as humour.
Penny: Yeah, well, I dont think its very funny.
Bernadette: Me neither, but he just lights up when I laugh.
Penny: Howard, never let her go.
Bernadette: So, Leonard, Howard says youre working on fundamental tests of quantum mechanics.
Leonard: I am. Are you interested in physics?
Bernadette: Oh, I find it fascinating. If I hadnt gone into microbiology, I probably would have gone into physics. Or ice dancing.
Leonard: Actually, my tests of the Aharonov-Bohm quantum interference effect have reached an interesting point. Right now, were testing the phase shift due to an electric potential.
Bernadette: Thats amazing.
Sheldon: Yes. Leonards work is nearly as amazing as third graders growing lima beans in wet paper towels. (Raj whispers to him) While I appreciate the oh, snap, Im uncomfortable having your moist breath in my ear.
Bernadette: Are you going to try to set up the voltages using tunnel junctions?
Leonard: Yes, I am. You want to see a simulation on my laptop?
Bernadette: Oh, yeah, show me. In microbiology, the most exciting thing I get to work with is yeast.
Sheldon: Howard?
Howard: Yeah?
Sheldon: Your shoes are delightful. Where did you get them?
Howard: What?
Sheldon: Bazinga. I dont care.
Scene: The apartment. Sheldon and Raj are playing a racing game on the Wii.
Raj: Ha! Eat my dust, racially stereotypical plumber.
Sheldon: Thats not fair. I got stuck behind a tree.
Raj: And a cow and a penguin. Face it dude, whether its a real car or a virtual cartoon car, you cant drive.
Sheldon: Just need a little more practice.
Raj: What you need is cheat codes, motor skills and a magic genie who grants wishes to little boys who suck at Mario Kart.
Penny (knocking and entering): Hey, Sheldon, can I talk to you for a second?
Sheldon: Its not about shoes, is it? I dont think I could go through that again.
Penny: Its not about shoes.
Sheldon: Then speak.
Penny: Um, actually, can we do it in private?
Sheldon: All right. (To Raj) Go away. I agree, its rude, but she asked for privacy.
Penny: Thanks, Raj. Okay, so heres the thing, I was wondering if you could maybe teach me a little physics?
Sheldon: A little physics? Theres no such thing. Physics encompasses the entire universe, from quantum particles to supernovas, from spinning electrons to spinning galaxies.
Penny: Yeah, okay, cool. I dont need the PBS special, I just want to know enough so I can talk to Leonard about his job. You know, like Bernadette does.
Sheldon: Why cant Leonard teach you?
Penny: Cause I want to surprise him.
Sheldon: Cant you surprise him in some other way? For example, Im sure hed be delightfully taken aback if you cleaned your apartment.
Penny: Come on, Sheldon, this is important to me.
Sheldon: Penny, this would be a massive undertaking, and my time is both limited and valuable.
Penny: Youre sitting here playing video games all day.
Sheldon: Okay, point. What sort of foundation do you have? Did you take any science classes in school?
Penny: Sure. I did the one with the frogs.
Sheldon: The one with the frogs.
Penny: Yeah, actually, it was pretty cool. A lot of the girls threw up, but I gutted that thing like a deer.
Sheldon: Im sorry, Penny, I dont think so.
Penny: Oh, come on! A smart guy like you, itll be a challenge. You can make it like an experiment.
Sheldon: Interesting. I suppose if someone could teach sign language to KoKo the gorilla, I could teach you some rudimentary physics.
Penny: Great! Its a little insulting, but great. Ill be KoKo.
Sheldon: Not likely. KoKo learned to understand over 2,000 words, not one of which had anything to do with shoes.
Scene: The university cafeteria.
Howard: Hey, fellas. This is my girlfriend Bernadette. My girlfriend Bernadette.
Bernadette: Who are all those people?
Howard: Have no idea. Hey, Leonard.
Bernadette: Hi.
Leonard: Hey, look, its Howard and his girlfriend Bernadette.
Howard: Thought Id give the little woman a tour of the old salt mines.
Bernadette: He doesnt mean salt mines. He means where he works.
Leonard: Yeah, no, I got it.
Bernadette: So, hows your experiment going?
Leonard: Ah, terrific. Were getting the electron accelerator set up. We should be ready to go day after tomorrow.
Bernadette: Boy, Id love to see that.
Leonard: Youre welcome to come.
Bernadette: Really? Oh, thatd be great. How exciting is that?
Howard: Like Hanukkah in July.
Bernadette: Do they have that?
Howard: No.
Bernadette: Oh. You got me again. This isnt non-fat yogurt, this is fatty fat fat. Excuse me.
Howard: Could you grab me another napkin, sweetie?
Bernadette: Sure.
Howard: Thanks, honey. (She goes) All right, what is your deal?
Leonard: Excuse me?
Howard: Inviting my girlfriend to come see your electron accelerator?
Leonard: Yeah? So?
Howard: Wow! You really are a piece of work. Its not enough you get the prom queen, you have to get the head of the decorating committee, too?
Leonard: What are you talking about?
Howard: Dont play innocent with me. I practically invented using fancy lab equipment to seduce women.
Leonard: Has it ever worked?
Howard: Not so far, but thats not the point!
Leonard: Howard, relax, Im not interested in your girlfriend.
Howard: I hope not, because you dont want to mess with me. Im crazy.
Leonard: I believe you.
Scene: The apartment. 
Sheldon: Research journal, entry one. Im about to embark on one of the great challenges of my scientific career, teaching Penny physics. Im calling it Project Gorilla.
Penny: Hey, Sheldon.
Sheldon: Come in. Take a seat. Subject has arrived. Ive extended a friendly casual greeting.
Penny: Ready to get started?
Sheldon: One moment. Subject appears well-rested and enthusiastic. Apparently, ignorance is bliss. All right, let us begin. Wheres your notebook?
Penny: Um, I dont have one.
Sheldon: How are you going to take notes without a notebook?
Penny: I have to take notes?
Sheldon: How else are you gonna study for the tests?
Penny: Theres gonna be a test?
Sheldon: Tests. Here. Its college-ruled. I hope thats not too intimidating.
Penny: Thank you.
Sheldon: Youre welcome. Now, Introduction to Physics. What is physics? Physics comes from the ancient Greek word physika. Its at this point that youll want to start taking notes. Physika means the science of natural things. And it is there, in ancient Greece, that our story begins.
Penny: Ancient Greece?
Sheldon: Hush. If you have questions, raise your hand. Its a warm summer evening, circa 600 BC, youve finished your shopping at the local market, or agora, and you look up at the night sky. There you notice some of the stars seem to move, so you name them planetes, or wanderer. Yes, Penny?
Penny: Um, does this have anything to do with Leonards work?
Sheldon: This is the beginning of a twenty six hundred year journey were going to take together from the ancient Greeks through Isaac Newton to Niels Bohr to Erwin Schrodinger to the Dutch researchers that Leonard is currently ripping off.
Penny: Twenty six hundred years?
Sheldon: Yeah, give or take. As I was saying, its a warm summer evening in ancient Greece Yes, Penny?
Penny: I have to go to the bathroom.
Sheldon: Cant you hold it?
Penny: Not for twenty six hundred years.
Sheldon: Project Gorilla, entry two. I am exhausted.
Scene: Howards bedroom.
Bernadette: Howard?
Howard: Huh?
Bernadette: It unhooks in the front.
Howard: Oh, that explains a lot.
Howards Mother: Howard, Im home!
Howard: Of course.
Howards Mother: Senior fitness was cancelled. It turns out you can forget how to ride a bike. Im fine, but, oy, did Sam Harpootian eat gravel.
Howard: Thats great, Ma!
Howards Mother: Whats great about an 80-year-old Armenian man with half his chin scraped off?
Bernadette: I guess I should go.
Howard: No, no, dont move. Hey, Ma, can I have lamb stew for dinner?
Howards Mother: Lamb stew? Id have to go to the supermarket.
Howard: Please? I got a real hankering.
Howards Mother: Oh, I cant say no to my little tushy face. Ill be back soon.
Howard: Thanks, Ma.
Howards Mother: Do you want the regular peas or the Le Seur?
Howard: Always Le Seur peas with lamb stew!
Howards Mother: Youre right! When youre right, youre right! What if theyre out of the Le Seur?
Howard: Then get the regular!
Howards Mother: All right! You dont have to yell!
Howard: Sorry about that.
Bernadette (her phone chimes): Let me just put that on vibrate.
Howard: Im already on vibrate.
Bernadette: You know, that one I got. Howard, did you say something to Leonard about me?
Howard: Uh, what do you mean?
Bernadette: He says if I go see his experiment tomorrow it might weird you out.
Howard: Really? He said that?
Bernadette: Youre not jealous of Leonard, are you?
Howard: Me? No. I may have mentioned that its a little inappropriate to be asking another mans girlfriend to his experiment without first discussing it with said man.
Bernadette: Are you saying I need to ask your permission to hang out with Leonard?
Howard: I didnt say anything like that. I said Leonard has to ask my permission. (Bernadette storms out) Come on, I dont want to eat lamb stew with my mother. Damn, I was this close on the bra.
Scene: The apartment.
Sheldon: Now, remember, Newton realized that Aristotle was wrong and force was not necessary to maintain motion. So lets plug in our 9.8 meters per second squared as A and we get force, Earth gravity, equals mass times 9.8 meters per second per second. So we can see that MA equals MG and what do we know from this?
Penny: Uh, we know that Newton was a really smart cookie. Oh! Is that where Fig Newtons come from?
Sheldon: No, Fig Newtons are named after a small town in Massachusetts. Dont write that down!
Penny: Sorry.
Sheldon: Now, if MA equals MG what does that imply?
Penny: I dont know.
Sheldon: How can you not know? I just told you. Have you suffered a recent blow to the head?
Penny: Hey! You dont have to be so mean!
Sheldon: Im sorry. (Smiling) Have you suffered a recent blow to the head?
Penny: No, you just suck at teaching.
Sheldon: Really? Of those two explanations, which one seems the most likely?
Penny: Oh, God, Sheldon, look Im trying to understand, but youre going too fast. Can you just back up a little bit?
Sheldon: All right. Its a warm summer evening in ancient Greece
Penny: Not that far back!
Sheldon: Okay! At what point did you begin to feel lost?
Penny: I dont know. Where were we looking up at the night sky?
Sheldon: Greece.
Penny: Damn it!
Sheldon: Theres no need to get frustrated, people learn at different rates. Unlike objects falling in a vacuum, which? MA equals MG?
Penny: Squared?
Sheldon: No.
Penny: Aristotle?
Sheldon: No.
Penny: Five?
Sheldon: Oh!
Penny: Then I dont know.
Sheldon: Why are you crying?
Penny: Because Im stupid!
Sheldon: Thats no reason to cry. One cries because one is sad. For example, I cry because others are stupid and it makes me sad.
Penny: Okay, look, can we just please forget about all this extra stuff and can you just tell me what Leonard does?
Sheldon: All right. Leonard is attempting to learn why sub-atomic particles move the way they do.
Penny: Really? Thats it? Well, that doesnt sound so complicated.
Sheldon: Its not. Thats why Leonard does it.
Penny: Okay, I just have one question. What exactly are sub-atomic particles?
Sheldon: A good question.
Penny: Thank you.
Sheldon: And to answer it, we first must ask ourselves, what is physics?
Penny: Oh, balls.
Sheldon: Its a warm summer evening in ancient Greece
Scene: Leonards lab.
Howard: Okay, I got a bone to pick with you.
Leonard: What did I do now?
Howard: I was in bed with Bernadette, and you text-blocked me.
Leonard: What?
Howard: We were completely naked, about to devour each other when, you text her that I have a problem with her hanging out with you.
Leonard: You do have a problem with her hanging out with me.
Howard: Yeah, but thats not what you tell her.
Leonard: What was I supposed to tell her?
Howard: I dont know, something that doesnt make me come off as a petty, jealous douche.
Leonard: And what would that be?
Howard: Come on, do I have to think of everything?
Bernadette: Hey, Leonard. Am I too late to see the experiment? Oh, hi.
Howard: Hi.
Bernadette: What are you doing here?
Howard: Same thing youre doing here. I came to see Leonards experiment.
Bernadette: No, you didnt. You said Leonards experiment was stupid.
Leonard: You told her my experiment was stupid?
Howard: I was just repeating what Sheldon said. Lets not get off topic, Bernadette, I need to apologize. I was wrong to tell you who you should be friends with.
Leonard: Should I, um, leave you two alone?
Bernadette: No, Leonard, you should hear this.
Leonard: Okay, good, cause I wasnt really gonna go.
Howard: Look, I know I come off as confident and worldly, but the truth is Im not.
Leonard: Were shocked.
Howard: Which is why I tend to feel threatened by other guys.
Leonard: Or loud noises, clowns and nuns.
Howard: But I now realize how foolish that is.
Leonard: He had a panic attack once when he got his head stuck in a sweater.
Howard: It was a full turtleneck. Why arent you helping me?
Leonard: I dont know. Maybe because Im crazy?
Howard: Bernadette, please, Im asking you to give me another chance.
Bernadette: What do you think, Leonard? Should I give him another chance?
Leonard: Its up to you. He didnt call your experiment stupid.
Bernadette: Come here, tushy face.
Leonard: Tushy face, that is going on Twitter right now.
Scene: The apartment. 
Bernadette: Raj, you shouldve seen Leonards experiment. The interference pattern was so cool when the electron beam was on.
Leonard: Im glad you enjoyed it. Most people arent that interested in what I do.
Penny: Actually, thats not true, Leonard. In fact, recently Ive been thinking that given the parameters of your experiment, the transport of electrons through the aperture the nano-fabricated metal rings is qualitatively no different than the experiment already conducted in the Netherlands. Their observed phase shift in the diffusing electrons inside the metal ring already conclusively demonstrated the electric analogue of the Aharonov-Bohm quantum-interference effect. Thats it. Thats all I know. Oh, wait! Fig Newtons were named after a town in Massachusetts, not the scientist.
