Scene: The apartment.
Sheldon: What colour would you like to be?
Leonard: Well, Id like to be green, but you know you always take it.
Sheldon: Thats not true. Any colours fine with me. Yeah, I could be a-a combination of blue and yellow.
Leonard: Blue and yellow make green.
Sheldon: Well, then its settled.
Penny: Hi. Ready to go?
Sheldon: Oh, good news, we ordered lunch, so we can all stay here and play Lord of the Rings Risk.
Amy: Sheldon, we said that we would play games with you tonight.
Sheldon: Oh, no, well still be playing it tonight, this game can easily take eight hours.
Penny: Sweetie, you really thought Id want to do this?
Leonard: No.
Penny: Well, did you tell him that?
Leonard: Yes.
Penny: Did you say it out loud with words?
Leonard: No.
Penny: I dont want to spend the whole day playing a board game.
Sheldon: Yeah, well, you may change your mind when you hear that this is the new expanded edition which contains a more complete map of Middle Earth, now including the Haradwaith Territories.
Amy: I will literally race you to the car.
Leonard: No, no, no, come on, dont leave. Just try it.
Penny: No. Were always doing what you guys want. Just once, itd be nice if you did something we wanted.
Sheldon: You want to be green?
Leonard: You know, they really have tried to like a lot of the same stuff were into.
Penny: Yeah, we do game nights and video game nights and we watch movies with directors commentary.
Amy: Oh, my favourite, George Lucas can talk all the way through Star Wars, I say one word and Im banished to the kitchen.
Penny: Yeah, today Amy and I are deciding what were all gonna do.
Leonard: You got it, you girls are in charge.
Penny: Thank you.
Amy: Sheldon?
Sheldon: Fine. Now that were not playing, you can be green.
Leonard: Thank you.
Sheldon: And since youre green this time, I can be it next time.
Penny: All right, lets see. Whats something fun the guys would never take us to do? Oh, I know, we could go horseback riding.
Amy: I actually cant. My hips dont open wider than 22 degrees. I rode a very thin pony once. On the first bump, just popped right off.
Penny: All right, well, what do you want to do?
Amy: Theres a craft and folk art museum on Wilshire.
Penny: Well, thats Wilshires problem. Come on, you know, there, theres got to be something fun we could do that the guys will hate.
Leonard: Hang on, why do we have to hate it?
Penny: Three words, Doctor Who convention.
Leonard: I did not force you to go to that.
Penny: You walked out of the house in a fez and bow tie. I went so you didnt get beat up.
Leonard: I wasnt gonna get beat up.
Penny: You were, but somehow I held myself back.
Sheldon: You know what you could make us do? Ice-skating. The cold air will trigger Leonards asthma and it plays right into my well-known fear of getting flattened by a Zamboni.
Leonard: Now youre helping them find ways to make us miserable?
Sheldon: Well, Im sorry, Leonard, Im a problem-solver, its what I do.
Amy: I actually cant go ice-skating. I have unnaturally brittle ankles.
Penny: Is there any part of your body thats normal?
Credits sequence.
Scene: Howard and Bernadettes apartment. 
Raj: Oh, my God, oh, my God, oh, my God.
Howard: Will you please relax?
Raj: I cant take it, dude.
Bernadette: You okay?
Raj: No, Im not okay. I feel like Im gonna jump out of my skin.
Bernadette: I told you not to wax down there. Its itchy when it grows back.
Raj: Im worried about the New Horizons space probe.
Bernadette: Whats he talking about?
Howard: Nine years ago he was part of a team that launched a spacecraft to collect data about Pluto, and its finally close enough, so this morning it turned itself on.
Raj: We hope. The signal has to travel over three billion miles. So its gonna be hours before we know if it even survived.
Howard: Now we get to see him flip out because hes worried it was demolished by space ice.
Raj: Space ice is no joke. I cant even watch Frozen anymore.
Scene: The apartment.
Amy: Ooh, the philharmonic is playing Beethoven downtown.
Sheldon: Before you say yes, its not the movie about the big dog.
Penny: How come we cant think of something we both want to do?
Amy: Because you always pick what we do and I just go along with it.
Leonard: Ah, interesting, were being accused of making you do things you dont like, and here you are, doing the same thing to poor Amy.
Sheldon: You should point out the hypocrisy of that.
Leonard: Thats what I was doing.
Sheldon: Oh, that wasnt clear. Try it again, but this time drive it home with how do you like them apples, Missy?
Penny: All right, keep thinking.
Sheldon: Youre making it too complicated. Why not stick to the basics? Go shopping for clothes while Leonard and I sit in those uncomfortable chairs and hold your purses, hmm? I know Id hate that. Leonard?
Leonard: Well, yeah.
Sheldon: Well, then, its settled?
Amy: What do you say? Sounds kind of perfect.
Penny: It does, somehow he managed to take all the fun out of it.
Sheldon: Well, once again, its what I do.
Scene: Howard and Bernadettes apartment.
Raj: Oh, another two hours to go. The wait is killing me.
Howard: I know. I get it. When I was in the Soyuz capsule returning from the space station, plummeting toward Earth at 17,000 miles per hour
Raj: Before you finish, is this a story about patience and waiting or just another reminder that you went to space?
Howard: A story can do two things.
Raj: Ugh, I feel like Im gonna have a heart attack.
Howard: You work in pharmaceuticals, dont you have anything you can give him?
Bernadette: All I have is our new urine flow drug. Wont help with his anxiety, but its so strong, when he pees hell fly around the room like hes got a jet pack.
Raj: I cant stop thinking about it.
Bernadette: You know, worrying wont have any effect on what happens.
Raj: I know.
Howard: Maybe you need to do something more productive.
Raj: Okay. If I make this shot in the trash can, the probe will have arrived in perfect working order.
Howard: So, in addition to being crazy, youre resting the fate of the mission on your athletic prowess.
Raj: Yes.
Howard: The man who crashed his stationary bike.
Raj: I didnt crash it, okay? My playlist was too up-tempo, I got light-headed and I fell off. Okay. It all comes down to this.
Howard: You happy? Now you can relax.
Raj: What kind of scientist are you? Everyone knows you got to make two out of three.
Scene: A clothes shop.
Leonard: This isnt so bad.
Sheldon: Thats easy for you to say. Your chairs not facing the lingerie section. Boy, thats a lot of panties.
Amy: You guys comfy? This might take a while.
Sheldon: I dont understand why women insist on making a big production out of buying clothes.
Penny: No, youre right, we should do what you do. Have our mom send us pants from the Walmart in Houston.
Sheldon: They have a man there who understands my personal style.
Penny: Bye.
Leonard: Uh, Ive got some bad news. Theres no cell service in here.
Sheldon: Oh. Well, thats all right. There were plenty of ways to pass the time before smart phones were invented.
Leonard: Thats true.
Sheldon: Ill look them up. Son of a biscuit.
Leonard: Sheldon, its fine.
Sheldon: No, its not fine. What kind of store in the 21st century doesnt at least have Wi-Fi? Im going to call their corporate office. Son of a biscuit.
Scene: The same, later.
Sheldon: Lets see, my armies are going to attack the Shire from Buckland. And I roll a five and a three.
Leonard: Okay. And to defend, I roll two sixes. I win.
Sheldon: Boy, double-sixes again. You know, if I hadnt seen it with my own eyes, I wouldnt believe it. I wonder how long were gonna be stuck here.
Leonard: I dont know, but the girls do a lot for us. Its the least we can do.
Sheldon: Oh, thats true. I suppose its only fair we make compromises.
Leonard: Look at you, being all mature.
Sheldon: I dont know why youre so surprised. If theres one thing I know about after living with you for so many years, its how to compromise.
Leonard: I, Im sorry? You make compromises for me?
Sheldon: All the time.
Leonard: On Earth? In our lives? That, that, that were living?
Sheldon: Oh, yes. I, just yesterday, you had a, a big piece of lettuce stuck in your teeth at lunch. Did I say anything? No. I compromised and kept my mouth shut. Like you shouldve, because everyone was laughing at you.
Leonard: That is not a compromise. A compromise is me driving you everywhere because you refuse to learn how.
Sheldon: Oh, I learned how. Amy taught me.
Leonard: What? Then. then why dont you do it?
Sheldon: Uh, well, its scary. And sometimes I get the pedals mixed up. But, more importantly, driving me to work is one of the things that gives your life purpose. I cant take that away from you, so what do I do? Oh, come on, Im practically feeding you the answer. I compromise.
Scene: Rajs car.
Raj: Hey, uh, thanks for keeping me company.
Howard: Im happy to. I think getting out of the apartment will do you good. So, where we headed?
Raj: If its okay with you, Id like to go to temple.
Howard: Buddy, trust me, you dont want to convert to Judaism. I mean, I know I make it look cool, but its not all briskets and dreidels.
Raj: I meant a Hindu temple.
Howard: Oh. Okay. Its not like Indiana Jones and the Temple of Doom, right? Some bald guy with horns isnt gonna rip my heart out.
Raj: Dude, that movies an imperialist fantasy that makes the followers of a beautiful and peaceful religion look like a bunch of bloodthirsty barbarians.
Howard: You love that movie.
Raj: Yeah, its pretty great.
Howard: Im surprised to see you suddenly get religious.
Raj: Why?
Howard: Well, because Ive known you for ten years and youve never gone to temple, you never talked about believing in God, and last Diwali I watched you eat two pounds of sacred cow at a Brazilian steak house.
Raj: Religion is a very personal thing. I do go to temple, I just, I dont talk about it.
Howard: Yeah, but youre a scientist.
Raj: So?
Howard: So, as a scientist, you believe the way to understand the universe is through facts and evidence, and now youre counting on some blue chick with a hundred arms to help you?
Raj: That is so offensive. Does everything you know about Hinduism come from Indiana Jones?
Howard: No. Theres also Apu from The Simpsons.
Raj: Well, lots of scientists believe in God. Okay? Newton, uh, Faraday, uh, Pascal, all were believers. Even Einstein was famous for attacking quantum theory on the grounds that God does not play dice with the universe.
Howard: Well, of course he believed in God. he slept with Marilyn Monroe.
Raj: Actually theres no proof of that.
Howard: You believe in your religion, Ill believe in mine.
Scene: The store changing rooms.
Amy: Hows it going in there?
Penny: Uh, not really a great outfit for work, unless something opens up in the hookers and whores division. Hey, can I ask you something?
Amy: Sure.
Penny: Do I really force you to do things you dont want to?
Amy: Yeah, but its okay.
Penny: How is it okay?
Amy: I promised myself, if I ever got friends, Id do whatever they said. Really, Im lucky you found me before a cult did.
Penny: Well, you know, that was a long time ago. Youre a different woman now. Youre smart, youve got great friends, youve got a boyfriend, youre pretty, you have zero fashion sense, but, anyway, tonight were gonna do whatever you want.
Amy: Really?
Penny: Absolutely. You name it, were doing it.
Amy: Basket weaving at the craft museum.
Penny: Well, you named it.
Scene: The store.
Sheldon: Oh, heres another one. I wish that the apple pancake mix was on the top shelf because it starts with an A, but I dont put it there because I dont want you breaking one of your little legs when youre supposed to be making my breakfast.
Leonard: Is it my turn to talk about the compromises I make?
Sheldon: I wasnt done, but go ahead. He said, compromising.
Leonard: Because of you, Im not allowed to adjust the temperature in my own home. Im not allowed to whistle. I dont wear shoes that might squeak.
Sheldon: Well, youre a physicist, not a circus clown.
Leonard: Sheldon, do you realize I dont live with the woman I love because of you? No other reason. Just you.
Sheldon: Is that true?
Leonard: Yes, its true. The last time I brought it up, you had an emotional breakdown and got on a train and ran away.
Sheldon: Well, given my history on the subject, t seems a little reckless to bring it up now.
Leonard: You have no idea how much you inconvenience the lives of everyone around you. Its exhausting.
Sheldon: You know what? You think youre so tolerant, but the truth is youre mean to me a lot. Yeah, you think that I dont notice all those sarcastic comments and those eye rolls, but I do. Hmm? I have excellent peripheral vision. On a good day, I can see my ears.
Leonard: Sheldon, I, Im sorry if I hurt your feelings. Ive been holding a lot of this in for a while.
Sheldon: Well, Im sorry, too. And if you want to live with Penny, then I think you should.
Leonard: Do you mean that?
Sheldon: Yes. Yeah, just put on your squeaky shoes and eee-eee-eee your way out of my life.
Leonard: Come on, dont get upset.
Sheldon: Im not upset. Im just imagining a world without my best friend in it.
Leonard: Sheldon.
Sheldon: Its okay.
Leonard: Im not leaving your world. Im just talking about living across the hall.
Sheldon: I understand. Either way, I want you to know that Im aware of how difficult I can be. So I just want to say thank you for putting up with me.
Leonard: Buddy.
Penny: How are you guys getting along? What? Why are there tears?
Leonard: Everythings fine. We just started talking about living arrangements.
Amy: Are you crazy? You know hes a flight risk.
Sheldon: Thats exactly what I told him.
Penny: Sheldon, we know this is a sensitive subject, and Leonards not gonna move out until youre ready.
Sheldon: Well, what if you did it gradually?
Leonard: All right. How about we start with two nights a week I live with Penny?
Sheldon: How about one night and I let you whistle?
Leonard: Okay.
Sheldon: When Im not home.
Leonard: You got it.
Sheldon: There we go, compromising again. We really are the best.
Scene: The temple car park.
Howard: Here we go, my first Hindu temple.
Raj: You see behind the fountain, that tower that looks like a pyramid? Its called a Sikhara. It symbolizes the, the connection between the human and the divine.
Howard: Huh. I always thought it was mini golf.
Raj: All right. Shall we?
Howard: Yeah. Just, uh, is there anything I should know before I go in?
Raj: Like what?
Howard: Like am I dressed okay?
Raj: Really? So every other place youve been, you thought this was fine?
Howard: I know youre under a lot of pressure, so Im gonna let that pass.
Raj: Sorry. Youre right. Im so stressed. But you know what, whenever I walk into that temple I realize that whatever happens, its okay. Were all part of an immense pattern, and though we cant understand it, we can be happy to know that its, its working its will through us.
Howard: Thats nice.
Raj: Whether you call it God or the universe or the self, were all interconnected, and thats just a beautiful Son of a bitch, that guy just dinged my car. S, seriously? You were just gonna drive away? Like my life isnt hard enough right now. A space probe might be destroyed, my parents are going through an awful divorce, the guy who cuts my dogs hair just gave her bangs.
Howard: Raj.
Raj: You saw her. She looks like Jim Carrey from Dumb and Dumber.
Howard: Raj, you just got a text. The probe turned on. Its fine.
Raj: Oh, good. Namaste, Grandpa.
Scene: The craft museum. 
Leonard: I thought this was gonna be boring, but its actually kind of fun.
Penny: Dont tell Amy that. Well be here every Sunday.
Amy: Sheldon, that really is an excellent basket.
Sheldon: Its not a basket. Its a soldiers helmet from 16th century China.
Amy: Very nice.
Leonard: Yeah, it looks great.
Sheldon: I saw that.
Scene: Pennys bedroom.
Leonard: Well, roomie, its only one night a week, but its a start.
Penny: I know. Im really proud of Sheldon.
Leonard: Yeah, Im proud of him, too.
Sheldon (in Pennys living room): Can you keep it down? Some of us are trying to sleep out here.
