Scene: The apartment.
Sheldon: Is anyone else troubled by the Spider-Man theme song?
Leonard: Why would it trouble you? Its, like, your third favourite cartoon theme song.
Sheldon: It is, right behind do-do-do-do-do Inspector Gadget., and Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles, heroes in a half-shell.
Howard and Raj (together): Turtle power!
Sheldon: However, the Spider-Man lyrics posit that Spider-Man, Spider-Man does whatever a spider can.
Howard: Yeah, so?
Sheldon: I can think of many things Spider-Man cant do that a spider can. One, crawl in your ear and die. Two, legally leave Guatemala without a passport. Three, have sex with a spider.
Raj: an we change the subject? Spiders give me the jeebie-jeebies.
Howard: Its heebie-jeebies.
Raj: I know, but that sounds anti-Semitic. Anyway, I was thinking we could have a little film festival tonight. The theme, movies that killed their franchises.
Leonard: Oh. Like Jaws 4, Indiana Jones 4, Daredevil 1.
Raj: Miss Congeniality 2: Armed and Fabulous. I mean, you know a movies bad when my homegirl Sandy B cant save it.
Leonard: Pennys working tonight, Im in.
Howard: Not me. Im having dinner with Bernadette and her parents.
Leonard: Fun. We know how much you love that.
Howard: Its torture. Especially with her dad. We have nothing in common.
Sheldon: You know what I like to do when Im forced to speak with those beneath my intellectual station? I bring up an interesting topic, like the difference between Spider-Man and spiders.
Howard: Thanks, Sheldon. Ill try that with my father-in-law.
Sheldon: No, you cant use that one. Thats mine. Uh, try this one for an ice-breaker. Uh, despite popular lore, there is no place in the continental United States, Alaska or Hawaii from which one can dig straight through the centre of the earth and come up in China.
Howard: Great, thank you.
Sheldon: Actually, you cant have that one either. Its too good. Sorry.
Raj: What about you, Sheldon? Do you have any plans tonight?
Sheldon: Sadly, yes. Amys taking me to a memorial service. Its for one of her colleagues who is of Asian descent, so my planned conversational gambit is to casually remark that no matter how deep they dig his grave, hell never make his way back to China.
Leonard: That should lighten the mood.
Sheldon: What can I say? I put the fun in funeral.
Credits sequence.
Scene: Amys apartment.
Sheldon: (Knock, knock, knock) Amy. (Knock, knock, knock) Amy. Oh, right, funeral. (Knock, knock, knock) (solemnly) Amy.
Amy: Hello, Sheldon.
Sheldon: Im not allowed to wear my Silver Surfer neck tie, but you can wear a bathrobe?
Amy: I think Im too sick to go to the funeral.
Sheldon: Youre sick? You poor kid. Well, see ya.
Amy: Sheldon, arent you gonna take care of me?
Sheldon: Me? No. No, Im not that kind of doctor.
Amy: But our relationship agreement clearly states that when one of us is sick, the other must take care of them.
Sheldon: Oh, no, I see the confusion. No, the intent behind that clause was to force you to take care of me when Im ill. When youre feeling better, youll think thats funny.
Amy: Never mind. Good night, Sheldon.
Sheldon: (Knock, knock, knock) Amy. (Knock, knock, knock) Amy. (Knock, knock, knock) Amy. I made a commitment in writing to comfort you in times like this. Additionally, you are my girlfriend, and I care about your well-being.
Amy: Thank you, Sheldon.
Sheldon: Youre welcome. Now lets get this over with.
Scene: Howard and Bernadettes apartment. 
Howard: So, how have you been?
Mr. Rostenkowski: Fine.
Howard: Good. Fine is good. How you liking retirement?
Mr. Rostenkowski: Its fine.
Howard: Im sensing a theme. You ever really think about the Spider-Man theme song? Hows that dinner coming?
Bernadette: I just put it in. Its gonna be a while.
Howard: I like rare chicken. Lets do this.
Bernadette: You could die.
Howard: Death by chicken. Thats a pretty fowl way to go.
Mrs. Rostenkowski: Heres another beer, honey.
Mr. Rostenkowski: Thank you.
Howard: So, Mrs. Rostenkowski, you took that trip to the Grand Canyon. How was it?
Mrs. Rostenkowski: It was good.
Howard: Had no idea you were the chatty one.
Scene: Amys apartment.
Sheldon: 102.2. Exactly what it was half an hour ago. Its like youre not even trying to get better.
Amy: Sheldon, you dont get over the flu in half an hour.
Sheldon: Well, not with that attitude.
Amy: I have to say, Im finding your bedside manner a little lacking.
Sheldon: Im sorry. I just want you to get better as soon as possible. And with that goal in mind, let me ask you a question. Do you believe in the placebo effect?
Amy: Of course I do. There have been many studies proving its validity.
Sheldon: Great. Now, this may look like a Tic Tac, but it is really a powerful medication specifically designed to cure your illness as well as freshen your breath.
Amy: Sheldon, this isnt helping. Why dont you just let me get some rest.
Sheldon: How can you sleep? Im not done making you feel better. I still have to put a cold rag on your head, sing to you and apply VapoRub to your chest.
Amy: You, you want to rub something on my chest?
Sheldon: Yes. All over it.
Amy: Maybe we should start with that.
Sheldon: Now youre being a responsible patient. Now, you may notice some tingling.
Amy: Oh, Im counting on it.
Scene: Howard and Bernadettes apartment.
Howard: Okay, dig in.
Mr. Rostenkowski: Hold up. Bless us, O Lord for these Thy gifts which we are about to receive from Thy bounty through Christ our Lord. Amen.
Howard: Took the words right out of my mouth.
Bernadette: So, Dad, have you done any fishing lately?
Mr. Rostenkowski: Im going next weekend.
Howard: Oh, you like to fish?
Mr. Rostenkowski: Yes.
Howard: Sure. I can hear it in your voice.
Mrs. Rostenkowski: Oh, if he didnt like it, he wouldnt go.
Howard: You know, I hadnt thought of that. (To Bernadette, whispering) Help me.
Bernadette: Hey, Dad, maybe you could take Howard fishing sometime. Give you guys a chance to get to know each other better.
Howard: No, no. We know each other well enough. Hes been talking my ear off all night.
Bernadette: Howie, I think youd have fun.
Mr. Rostenkowski: Fine, you can tag along.
Bernadette: Terrific. My two favorite fellas gone fishin.
Howard: Well, hang on a second, Bernie. Next weekend, we have that thing.
Bernadette: What thing?
Howard: You know, the thing.
Bernadette: Oh, that thing. No, I cancelled that thing.
Mr. Rostenkowski: All right, its settled. You and I are going fishing.
Howard: Great. (To Bernadette) Thanks for the help.
Scene: The stairwell.
Howard: Ive never even been fishing. This is gonna be a disaster.
Raj: If you dont want to look foolish doing something, you should practice. Do you know how many Beef Wellingtons I made by myself before I invited you guys over? Ill give you a hint. You can see them here, here and here.
Leonard: Raj is probably right. You should get someone to give you some pointers.
Howard: Do either of you guys know how to fish?
Leonard: No.
Raj: No. But if you catch anything, I know how to steam it in banana leaves.
Howard: Come on, we must know somebody who can do manly stuff like this.
Scene: Pennys apartment.
Penny: Sup?
Scene: The apartment.
Penny: Step one, worms.
Howard: Ew!
Penny: Okay, right there, ew is one of the things youre not gonna want to say in front of your father-in-law. Its right up there with icky and get it away. Now pick one up.
Howard: Really?
Penny: Youre gonna have to do it when youre fishing.
Howard: Okay.
Penny: What are you waiting for?
Howard: I dont know, for them to die of natural causes.
Penny: Just pick up a worm and put him on this hook.
Howard: Fine. There.
Leonard: Im no expert, but I think the hook has to go through the worm.
Howard: Fine. Sorry, Mr. Worm. Sherm. Sherm the Worm.
Penny: Hey, dont name him. Just jab a hook in his face.
Raj: You got this, buddy.
Leonard: Yeah, come on, Howard. Hook that worm.
Raj: You can do it.
Penny: Thats great. Cheerleading, way to man things up.
Scene: Amys apartment. 
Sheldon (reading): And the control group displayed significantly fewer genetic abnormalities. But, because of flaws in the experimental design relating to environment and diet, they lived inconclusively ever after. The end.
Amy: That was great. Rub my chest again. (Knock at door) 
Sheldon: No. I need to get you down for a nap. And for some reason, that VapoRub gets you all fired up. (Opens door)
Bernadette: Hows the poor thing?
Sheldon: Oh, Im hanging in there. Thanks for asking.
Bernadette: Okay, Amy, I brought you some drugs we were working on in the lab. This is proving really good for congestion, but theres a slight chance it can make your tears burn like acid, so if you take it, happy thoughts.
Sheldon: Uh, Im going to draw you a soothing bath. Wheres your bath thermometer?
Amy: I dont have a bath thermometer.
Sheldon: Fine. Then Im going to draw you a nerve-wracking bath of indeterminate temperature.
Bernadette: This is a really good expectorant. Although some test subjects reported lactating uncontrollably when they heard music.
Amy: Okay, okay, heres the deal. I dont need your medicine. Im not sick.
Bernadette: I dont understand.
Amy: I got better two days ago. Its just been so nice having Sheldon take care of me.
Bernadette: So youve just been lying to him?
Amy: See the stuff in my nose? Rubber cement.
Bernadette: I dont mean to be judgy, but this is the kind of thing lunatics do.
Amy: All right. Ill tell him.
Sheldon (off): Amy, would you be strong enough to bathe yourself, or do you need my help?
Amy: Ill tell him tomorrow. Mama needs a bath.
Scene: The apartment.
Penny: Now, lets assume, by some miracle, you actually catch a fish. Youre going to have to know how to gut it. So, what youre going to do is youre going to take your knife, slice him right up the belly. (Howard gags) You want me to stop?
Howard: No, Im fine. Keep going.
Penny: All right. Now, you dont want to cut too deep into its guts, or the blood will just squirt all over your face. (Howard, Leonard and Raj gag) Oh, my God. What is with you guys?
Leonard: Its not our fault. Our dads never did anything like this with us.
Penny: What, never?
Leonard: My dad was an anthropologist. The only father-son time he spent was with a 2,000-year-old skeleton of an Etruscan boy. I hated that kid.
Raj: Mine just took me to his gynecology office. I got so bored, Id put vaginal lubricant on the bottom of my shoes and pretend I was ice-skating.
Howard: Yeah, well, my quality father-son time was spending my adolescence looking out the window waiting for my dad to come back someday.
Raj: Yeah, okay, Howard wins.
Leonard: You know, maybe we didnt have opportunities like this when we were growing up, but right now, theres a dad that wants to take you on a fishing trip.
Howard: Youre right. Oh! I should do this.
Penny: Great. Here you go. What youre going to do is youre going to stick your thumb down its throat, grab the guts and pull.
Howard: Here we go. Oh!
Penny: Oh, look, its a female. You can see all the eggs. (All the guys gag)
Scene: Amys apartment. Amy is dancing to Walking on Sunshine. Hears door and turns off stereo.
Amy: Oh, Sheldon, am I glad youre back. Taking a turn for the worst. I think Im going to need another bath.
Sheldon: Im surprised to hear that. See, the other day, I was concerned that you werent recovering, so while you were sleeping, I took a cheek swab and had it cultured in the lab.
Amy: Oh?
Sheldon: I got the results back. Have you developed any of the following symptoms? A growing nose, or perhaps a warm sensation in the trouser region? Also known as full-blown liar, liar, pants on fire.
Amy: All right, all right. But I really was sick at the beginning. Its just been so nice having you take care of me.
Sheldon: It hurts that you would lie to me, Amy. I thought our relationship was based on trust and a mutual admiration that skews in my favour.
Amy: I feel terrible I did this.
Sheldon: It pains me to say it, but I think some form of penalty is in order, so as to discourage this type of behaviour in the future.
Amy: I suppose thats fair. What do you suggest?
Sheldon: In a perfect world, Id lock you in a stockade in the public square. That probably requires a permit.
Amy: I could not be allowed to go to the opening of the next Star Trek movie.
Sheldon: Oh, that seems overly harsh. I mean, you gave in to a human weakness, you didnt kill a man. You know, its a tad old-school, but my father was not one to spare the rod when my brother would sneak into his truck and drink his driving whiskey.
Amy: Are you saying you want to spank me?
Sheldon: I dont want to. But it looks like you left me no choice.
Amy: Thats true. Ive been a very bad girl.
Scene: Bernadettes parents garage. 
Howard: Hi-ho, hi-ho, its off to fish we go.
Mr. Rostenkowski: Thats what youre wearing?
Howard: No good? The guy at the sporting goods store said these are what fishermen wear.
Mr. Rostenkowski: Maybe in cartoons.
Howard: Wish I had known that before I posted all those pictures on Facebook.
Mr. Rostenkowski: All right, lets hit the road. I wouldnt mind shooting some ducks in the morning.
Howard: Wait, now were shooting things?
Mr. Rostenkowski: I like using a big shell. You cant eat them afterwards, but its fun watching them blow up.
Howard: Sir, Im flattered that you invited me, and I really want you to like me, but I dont think this trip is the way to do it. And I cant return these things if theres chunks of duck all over them.
Mr. Rostenkowski: So, whyd you agree to come?
Howard: Cause Bernadette made me.
Mr. Rostenkowski: I tried to back out, too. My wife said I had to go.
Howard: Really? Your wife makes you do stuff? Youre a big, scary cop.
Mr. Rostenkowski: Youre an astronaut, and your wife makes you do things, and shes only four feet tall.
Howard: So, what do we do now? They expect us to go away for the weekend.
Mr. Rostenkowski: Ah. Theres an Indian casino near Palm Springs. You know how to shoot craps?
Howard: No, but Im not a stranger to dice games. I was the Temple Beth-El Hebrew School Yahtzee champion.
Mr. Rostenkowski: Mazel tov. Ill teach you how to play.
Howard: Really? Thank you, sir.
Mr. Rostenkowski: Call me Mike.
Howard: Okay. Oh, boy, were just married to a couple of ballbusters, huh, Mike?
Mr. Rostenkowski: Thats my wife and daughter youre talking about.
Howard: Great couple of gals.
Mr. Rostenkowski: I wouldnt go that far.
Scene: Amys apartment. 
Sheldon: Are you prepared to receive your punishment?
Amy: One second. I want to put on some music.
Sheldon: Why?
Amy: I dont want to disturb the people next door while you discipline me.
Sheldon: Very well, then. Get over my knee. Lets begin.
Amy: Oh, my.
Sheldon: Excuse me. Youre not supposed to be enjoying this.
Amy: Then maybe you should spank me harder.
Sheldon: Maybe I will.
Amy: Ooh!
