Scene: The university cafeteria.
Howard (on the phone): Yeah, I miss you, too, sweetie. Listen, I got to go, but Ill see you tonight? Okay. Bye-bye. Yeah, bye-bye. No, you hang up first. Hello?
Raj: Dude, Im glad you finally got a girlfriend, but do you have to do all that lovey-dovey stuff in front of those of us who dont?
Sheldon: Actually, he might have to. Theres an economic concept known as a positional good in which an object is only valued by the possessor because its not possessed by others. The term was coined in 1976 by economist Fred Hirsch to replace the more colloquial, but less precise neener-neener.
Howard: Thats not true. My happiness is not dependent on my best friend being miserable and alone.
Raj: Thank you.
Howard: Although, Id be lying if I said it wasnt a little bit of a perk.
Leonard: Whos miserable and alone?
Raj: Me.
Leonard: Oh. I used to be like that. Then I got a girlfriend.
Sheldon: In pre-1976 terms, neener-neener.
Leonard: Hey, what are you and Bernadette doing for your first Valentines Day?
Howard: Yeah, I am pulling out all the stops. Theres a $39.95 lovers special at P.F. Changs. Egg rolls, dumplings, bottomless wok, and you get your picture taken on the big marble horse out front.
Sheldon: Given that Saint Valentine was a third century Roman priest who was stoned and beheaded, wouldnt a more appropriate celebration of the evening be taking ones steady gal to witness a brutal murder?
Howard: I understand your point, but given a choice, Jews always go with Chinese food.
Raj: Well, if anyones interested, Ill be spending this Valentines Day the same way I spend every Valentines Day. Buying a rotisserie chicken from the supermarket, taking it home, standing over the sink and eating it out of the package with my bare hands like an animal.
Leonard: Okay, so to sum up: one giant marble horse, one asinine comment, one lonely man and his chicken. And lets see, whos left? Oh, thats right. My plans. Isnt anyone going to ask?
Raj: Fine, tell us youre going to have sex with Penny.
Leonard: Thats not what I was going to tell you.
Raj: Its okay. I dont mind hearing about your sex life. Its his that bugs me.
Leonard: Guess who the university is sending to Switzerland to attend a conference and see the CERN supercollider on February 14?
Sheldon: Professor Norton, although, God knows why. He hasnt published anything of note since he won that Nobel Prize.
Leonard: Actually, Professor Norton cant make it. He threw his back out rock climbing.
Howard: I heard he threw his back out climbing on his new girlfriend.
Raj: The big-boobed weather girl on Channel 2?
Howard: Thats the one.
Leonard: In any case, theyre asking me to fill in for him.
Sheldon: In Switzerland or with the big-boobed weather girl?
Leonard: Switzerland. And I get to bring a guest!
Howard: Oh, man!
Raj: No way, dude!
Sheldon: This is incredible! Im so happy, Im not even going to question their judgment in picking you. Im just going to run home and start packing.
Raj: Why wouldnt you take Penny?
Leonard: I am taking Penny.
Raj: Oh. Well, then I anticipate an awkward situation when you get home.
Credits sequence. 
Scene: Sheldons bedroom. 
Leonard: Sheldon, you got a minute?
Sheldon: Of course, my good friend. Come in. Help me out, which ski hat says aprs supercollider?
Leonard: Sheldon, Im not taking you to Switzerland.
Sheldon: Well, of course you are. Who else would you take?
Leonard: Penny.
Sheldon: What? Thats absurd. Penny has no interest in subatomic particle research.
Leonard: Yes, but itll be Valentines Day. We can go sightseeing and skiing and make love in front of a roaring fire in the shadow of the snowcapped Alps.
Sheldon: But Penny has no interest in subatomic particle research.
Leonard: Im sorry, Sheldon.
Sheldon: Sorry? Ive been dreaming about going to the Large Hadron Collider since I was nine years old.
Leonard: Yeah, well, Ive been dreaming about spending Valentines Day with a girl since I was six.
Sheldon: Shame on you! Thats no dream for a scientist!
Scene: The apartment.
Penny: Okay, whats the big surprise?
Leonard: Just a minute. This tray contains clues as to what you and I are going to be doing on Valentines Day.
Penny: Oh. Wow. Okay. Lets see. Weve got, uh, milk chocolate, Swiss cheese, fondue. My lactose-intolerant boyfriend is going to eat all this, then Im going to climb on his back and rocket to the moon?
Leonard: No. But it does involve air travel. Okay, um, let me slice this Swiss cheese with my Swiss army knife, and then you can wash it down with a cup of Swiss Miss instant cocoa.
Penny: Okay, Im starting to think Swiss is key here.
Leonard: Uh-huh.
Penny: Were going to Disneyland and ride the Matterhorn?
Leonard: How does that involve air travel?
Penny: Were going to Disney World and ride the Matterhorn?
Leonard: No.
Penny: Okay, sweetie, this started out fun, but Im over it.
Leonard: Were going to Switzerland to see the CERN supercollider! And ski. Well also go skiing.
Penny: Were going skiing in Switzerland?!
Leonard: Well, youll ski, Ill fall, but, yeah, we will be in Switzerland for Valentines Day.
Penny: Oh, my God, Leonard! Thats incredible!
Sheldon: Not so fast. You might want to hold off on lighting your rabeliechtli, Penny.
Penny: My Rabe-what-ly?
Sheldon: Rabeliechtli. It means turnip light and refers to a traditional lantern hand-carved from a root vegetable and used to celebrate certain Swiss festivals. Which you will not be celebrating because, A, these festivals occur in the fall, and B, you will not be going to Switzerland.
Leonard: Sheldon, weve been through this. Im taking Penny.
Sheldon: Afraid not. Do you recognize this?
Leonard: Not the roommate agreement.
Sheldon: Indeed, the roommate agreement. I call your attention to the Friendship Rider in Appendix C, Future Commitments. Number 37, in the event one friend is ever invited to visit the Large Hadron Collider, now under construction in Switzerland, he shall invite the other friend to accompany him.
Leonard: Oh, for Gods sakes.
Penny: You actually put that in an agreement?
Leonard: Yeah. We also put in what happens if one of us wins a MacArthur Grant, or if one of us gets superpowers, or if one of us is bitten by a zombie.
Sheldon: He cant kill me, even if I turn.
Penny: Is there anything in there about if one of you gets a girlfriend?
Sheldon: No, that seemed a little farfetched.
Leonard: Sheldon, do you really expect to enforce this?
Sheldon: Ive lived up to all my commitments under the agreement. At least once a day I ask how you are, even though I simply dont care. I no longer stage spontaneous biohazard drills after 10 pm And I abandoned my goal to master Tuvan throat singing.
Penny: Okay, I know I shouldnt ask, but what is?
Leonard: No.
Sheldon (after demonstrating): Id be much further along if Id been allowed to practice.
Leonard: Look, Sheldon, I know its in the agreement, and if you turn into a zombie, I promise I will not kill you. In fact, Ill even let you eat my brains. But I am taking Penny to Switzerland.
Sheldon: Is that your final decision?
Leonard: It is.
Sheldon: Very well.
Penny: Its not over, is it?
Leonard: What do you think? (The sound of Tuvan throat singing comes from Sheldons bedroom.)
 
Scene: Leonards car.
Leonard: Got a bit of traffic this morning, huh? Think its gonna rain? Instead of underpants, I covered my crotch with potato salad this morning. Thoughts? Okay, I know whatll cheer you up, lets play one of your driving games.
Sheldon: All right. This game is called Traitors. I will name three historical figures, you put them in order of the heinousness of their betrayal. Benedict Arnold, Judas, Dr. Leonard Hofstadter.
Leonard: You really think I belong with Benedict Arnold and Judas?
Sheldon: Youre right. Judas had the decency to hang himself after what he did.
Leonard: Come on, Sheldon. Cant you at least try to understand how much this means to me?
Sheldon: Round two, Leonard Hofstadter, Darth Vader, Rupert Murdoch.
Leonard: Rupert Murdoch?
Sheldon: He owns Fox, and they cancelled Firefly. Hint, he and Darth Vader are tied for number 2.
Scene: The university cafeteria. 
Howard: Im sorry I couldnt hang with you last night. I had a date with Bernadette.
Raj: I know. I saw the Tweet.
Howard: So, what did you end up doing?
Raj: Not much. Nuked a burrito. Prayed to the Hindu god Urvashi that your bowels would loosen and your penis would droop like a willow tree.
Leonard: You seen Sheldon?
Raj: No. Is he still mad about the supercollider?
Leonard: Yeah. He thinks I betrayed him. I mean, come on, what would you guys do if you were me?
Howard: Id take Sheldon to Switzerland.
Leonard: Seriously?
Howard: Absolutely. And Id leave him there. (Sheldon enters, puts a tray in front of Leonard, and exits.)
Raj: What the hell is that?
Leonard: Uh, lets see. Yup, 30 pieces of silverware.
Scene: Leonards bedroom.
Sheldon: Morning, old chum.
Leonard: Whats going on?
Sheldon: Ive made you breakfast. Juice, coffee, and pancakes in the shape of some of your favorite fictional characters. See, heres Frodo.
Leonard: You made Frodo pancakes?
Sheldon: Yeah, I used coconut shavings to do the hair on his feet. If you need to void your bladder before eating, I can keep them warm with this beret that I thoroughly laundered and pressed into service as a pancake cosy.
Leonard: Why are you doing this?
Sheldon: Its by way of an apology for my recent behaviour. Ive had some time to reflect and Ive come to realize that friendship is not an aggregation of written agreements. Its a result of two people respecting and caring for each other. Butterscotch scone?
Leonard: Thanks. Its good.
Sheldon: What youre tasting is respect and affection. And about a pound of Crisco. After youve finished breakfast, I thought we could spend the day watching the final season of Babylon 5 with director commentary.
Leonard: You hate Babylon 5.
Sheldon: I do. It fails as drama, science fiction, and its hopelessly derivative. But you like it, and youre my friend.
Leonard: Okay, great. Still not taking you to Switzerland.
Sheldon: Drat. No Frodo for you.
Scene: The laundry room.
Sheldon: Hello.
Penny: Hello.
Sheldon: Alright, lets dispense with the friendly banter, I believe you know why Im here.
Penny: Well, I always figured it was to study us, discover our weaknesses, and report back to your alien overlords.
Sheldon: Yes, amusing. Extraordinary intelligence might well appear extraterrestrial to you, but let me be more specific. I believe you know why Im here in the laundry room.
Penny: Better acoustics for your throat singing?
Sheldon (trying it): Its actually not bad. But my true purpose in being here will be revealed in this brief PowerPoint presentation. Lights. Why Sheldon Cooper, PhD, should go to Switzerland to see the CERN supercollider. A PowerPoint presentation by Sheldon Cooper, PhD.
Penny: Oh, for Gods sakes.
Sheldon: Here we have a highly gifted researcher in the field of particle physics whose work has brought him to the precipice of forever changing mankinds understanding of the universe. AKA me. And here we have a waitress brushing her teeth with her finger. AKA you.
Penny: Im sorry. Is this supposed to be buttering me up?
Sheldon: Please hold all questions to the end of the presentation. This is the Large Hadron Collider at CERN in Switzerland, the product of decades of planning and construction. It is a Mecca for physicists the world over. This is Bath and Body Works on Colorado Boulevard. They sell scented soaps and lotions, some of which contain glitter. Now, lets see if we can match the individual to the appropriate destination.
Penny: Okay, shows over.
Sheldon: No, its not. Ive got five more slides.
Penny: Sheldon, this is Leonards decision. He invited me to Switzerland, and I intend to go.
Sheldon: Very well. Enjoy yourself. Youre going to be in the presence of something that Ive dreamed of seeing for decades. I just hope youll be able to appreciate the magnitude of where you are and what it represents.
Penny: Ill talk to Leonard.
Sheldon: You will?
Penny: Yes. If it means that much to you, you should go.
Sheldon (Hugging her): Oh, Penny, thank you!
Penny: Youre welcome.
Sheldon: Since I rarely hug, Im relying on your expertise regarding duration.
Penny: I think were there.
Sheldon: Oh, good. Bye-bye.
Scene: The apartment.
Raj: You know what? Even though I dont have a girlfriend, I can still have a good time on Valentines Day.
Howard: Trust me, you cant. Ive tried.
Raj: No, no, no, Im going to have a me day. First Im going to go to one of those spas in Koreatown, take a steam and get a massage. Then Im going to stop at a pet store and get licked by puppies.
Leonard: Sheldon, I need to talk to you.
Sheldon: All right, my friend. Would you like some cholermus?
Leonard: Some what?
Sheldon: Cholermus. Its a traditional Swiss breakfast dish. Im preparing my gastrointestinal system for the exotic cuisine of Switzerland.
Leonard: Youre not going to Switzerland!
Sheldon: Oh, but I am. Didnt Penny tell you the good news?
Leonard: She told me that you went behind my back to guilt her into letting you go instead of her.
Sheldon: Yes, that good news.
Leonard: Well, forget it. I was the one who was invited, I get to decide who goes with me, and its Penny, not you!
Sheldon: Howard, could you lower the lights? I have a short PowerPoint presentation.
Leonard: I dont need to see your presentation. This discussion is over!
Sheldon: Thats a somewhat ambiguous response. Am I going or not?
Leonard: Sheldon, at this point, I would go by myself before I would take you.
Sheldon: Really?
Leonard: Yeah, really.
Sheldon: Well then, you leave me no alternative. From this moment forward, we can be roommates, but we will no longer be friends.
Leonard: Im sorry you feel that way.
Sheldon: I dont think youre fully aware of the ramifications here, Leonard.
Leonard: Why dont you enlighten me?
Sheldon: With the friendship clause of our roommate agreement nullified you are no longer entitled to accompany me to go swimming at Bill Gates house should I be invited.
Howard: Ooh, thats gotta sting.
Scene: Pennys bedroom.
Leonard: Just think, this time tomorrow well be in Geneva, Switzerland for our first Valentines Day.
Penny: I know! I went shopping today and bought special undies for the occasion.
Leonard: Thermal? Cause its gonna be cold.
Penny: Think it through, Leonard.
Leonard: Oh!
Penny: Oh!
Leonard (Penny sneezes): Gesundheit. Or as they say in Switzerland, gesundheit. You getting a cold?
Penny: No, no, its probably just allergies.
Leonard: Do you want an allergy pill? Cause I have em all. Prescription, nonprescription, foreign, domestic, experimental.
Penny: Do any of them work?
Leonard: Not really, Im just an enthusiast.
(Time passes. Sound of Penny retching in the bathroom)
Leonard: Penny? You okay?
Penny: Did that sound okay to you? Do not come in here!
Leonard: Whats going on?
Penny: Im having a tea party. What do you thinks going on? I think I might have the flu. Or the plague.
Leonard: Well, our plane leaves at 9 a.m. Do you think youll feel better by then?
Penny: Yep. Cause Im gonna be dead.
Scene: Outside Sheldons bedroom.
Leonard: Hey, Sheldon? Listen, Penny is pretty sick and shes not going to be able to go to Switzerland. So if youre still interested, youre welcome to come. (Sound of Sheldon vomiting in the bathroom)
Sheldon: Great. Ill start packing. In a minute. (Vomits again) Oh, look, its the cholermus.
Scene: The apartment.
 
Penny: Heres your soup.
Sheldon: Chicken?
Penny: Yes.
Sheldon: With the little stars?
Penny: Yes.
Sheldon: Heated to 180 degrees?
Penny: Why dont I pour it in your lap, and you can tell me.
Sheldon: You dont have to be mean. Im sick.
Penny: Yeah, well, Im sick, too.
Sheldon: Not my problem. I just dont understand how this happened to me. Im scrupulous about my hygiene. I regularly disinfect my hands, and I avoid contact with other people on general principle.
Penny: I dont know what to tell you, Sheldon.
Sheldon (remembering the hug): Its you! I touched you!
Penny: Happy Valentines Day.
Scene: A Swiss hotel room. 
Raj: Oh, my goodness, look at this room! Champagne! Roses! Oh, and little chocolates! This is going to be the best Valentines Day ever.
Leonard: Yeah, I forgot about all this.
Raj: But I never will.
