Scene: A supermarket
Amy: Ive never seen him this happy before.
Leonard: Thats because youve never seen him on restock the medicine cabinet day.
Sheldon: Look. A new topical antihistamine with lidocaine. Wow. I cant wait until I get a rash. 
Leonard: Oh, Gas-X has a new ultra strength. I guess they really do read their mail.
Sheldon: Hey, isnt that Professor Proton?
Leonard: Oh, yeah.
Sheldon: Look at him, just standing in line like he wasnt moderately famous 30 years ago. Lets go say hello.
Leonard: Oh, maybe we shouldnt bother him.
Sheldon: Im not going to bother him, Im going to talk to him.
Leonard: He thinks theres a difference.
Sheldon: Arthur? Arthur, its me, Sheldon Cooper. You may not remember because of your advanced age.
Arthur: Trust me, I, I remember.
Sheldon: This is my girlfriend, Amy. Amy, this is television legend Arthur Jeffries. His science show inspired millions of children.
Arthur: Hold, hold, hold on. You, you have a girlfriend?
Amy: Yes, and Ive heard so much about you. Hey look, were wearing the same orthopaedic shoes. I cant believe I dress like a celebrity.
Arthur: Oh, okay, I get it now.
Leonard: Dr. Jeffries, hello again. Leonard Hofstadter.
Arthur: Oh, oh, right, I remember your, your girlfriend. Is, is she, is she here?
Leonard: No, shes not.
Sheldon: So, what prescription are you getting filled?
Leonard: Sheldon.
Sheldon: No. Wait, I want to guess. Dont tell me.
Arthur: I wasnt going to tell you.
Amy: Sheldon, come on.
Sheldon: No, no, no. Im really good at this. All right, give me a hint. Does it involve difficulty initiating a stream of anything?
Arthur: Well, given my age, thats more than just a lucky guess.
Leonard: Hey, Sheldon, lets go mock the people buying homeopathic medicine, you love that.
Sheldon: But Im hanging out with my friend, and were having fun. Look how happy he is.
Credits sequence. 
The cafeteria.
Howard: Bernies having a girls night on Friday at our place. You want to do something?
Raj: Actually, Im busy.
Howard: Doing what?
Raj: Theres a new sports bar over on Colorado Ave
Howard: Youre going to girls night.
Raj: Yeah.
Howard: You know theyre making jewellery right?
Raj: You think they came up with that? They were going to drink beer and play darts.
Leonard: Whats up?
Howard: Not his testosterone levels.
Raj: Excuse me. I happen to be very comfortable with my masculinity.
Howard: How is that possible?
Leonard: Hey, I got an email from Professor Proton.
Sheldon: Goody. Whats it say?
Leonard: Hes working on a paper about nano vacuum tubes, and wants to know if Id take a look at it.
Sheldon: Thats strange. That he would come to you for that and not me. Oh, I got two emails from him. Do you have Leonards email address? And. Never mind, I found it. I cant believe he picked you over me.
Howard: You dont want to read a paper by some old has-been who hasnt done any real science in decades.
Raj: Yeah, its nothing to cry about.
Sheldon: Sheldon Cooper does not cry.
Howard: Its true, youd rust.
Scene: The apartment.
Sheldon: And to think I idolized that man. And why? At the end of the day hes just another Hollywood phony.
Amy: Is it really worth getting upset about?
Sheldon: Yeah, they say dont meet your heroes. Dont peek behind that curtain of fame and celebrity, because if you do, youll see them as they really are, degenerate carnival folk.
Amy: Come on, hes a retired kids show host.
Sheldon: Thats even worse. Using the sweet candy of science to trick children into loving him. Pervert.
Amy: Have you ever thought about why Arthur didnt want you to read his paper?
Sheldon: Yes, I have. And my only conclusion is the prescription he was picking up the other day was for cuckoo pills.
Amy: Maybe he found you, um, a bit much.
Sheldon: Thats kind of a stretch. Look, when it comes to social skills, Ive mastered the big three. Theres the coy smile. Theres the friendly chuckle. Theres the vocalization of sympathy. Aw. That last ones tricky, Im still working on it.
Amy: From what I saw the other day, I could understand why he and some people might find you
Sheldon: What?
Amy: Doesnt matter.
Sheldon: No, go ahead, say it. I know what it is. Ive heard it my whole life. The words annoying. Go ahead, say it. Say it. Say Im annoying.
Amy: Sheldon.
Sheldon: Oh, it wont hurt my feelings. Go ahead, Amy, say Im annoying. Im annoying. Im annoying. Im annoying. Yeah, now, uh, now where are you going? Look, you know you want to say it, say it. Say Im annoying. Go ahead, say it. Say it. Say it. Amy, say it. Well, she cant stand it when Im right.
Scene: Howard and Bernadettes apartment. 
Amy: This is fun. Im going to feel like such a vixen wearing jewellery that doesnt have a list of medications Im allergic to.
Raj: Penny, hows it going over there?
Penny: Good, Im just having little trouble with the glue.
Amy: How do you not know how to use glue? Did you ditch pre-school?
Penny: Yeah, but only because I was dating a second grader.
Howard: Hello, everyone.
Raj: Okay, let me have it. Lets hear all the Raj is a girl jokes.
Howard: Nope. Bernadette told me it isnt nice and Im not allowed.
Raj: Thank you.
Howard: So I wont be making fun of you, or the things you like, or the fact that you just want to have fu-un.
Bernadette: Howie, stop. Come on, look at what Im making.
Howard: Oh, thats actually pretty nice.
Amy: Im making a bracelet.
Penny: Yeah, Im just making a mess.
Howard: You know, instead of beads and glue, you guys can use my soldering iron. Youd be able to make much cooler stuff.
Raj: Oh, I think were doing just fine, thank you.
Amy: Actually, Id kind of like to try that.
Bernadette: Me, too.
Howard: Be right back.
Penny: When did I have pistachios?
Scene: Professor Protons house. 
Sheldon: (Knock, knock, knock) Arthur. (Knock, knock, knock) Arthur. (Knock, knock, knock) Arthur. Door knocker. Thats TV money.
Arthur: Sheldon, what are you doing here?
Sheldon: Im sorry, did I wake you?
Arthur: Of course you woke me, its seven thirty.
Sheldon: Well, I would have been here sooner, but for some reason your home isnt on this map of Hollywood stars.
Arthur: What do you want, Sheldon?
Sheldon: Its been pointed out by my girlfriend that I may have been annoying to you.
Arthur: She sounds like a keeper.
Sheldon: Anyway, I wanted to apologize. I am truly sorry.
Arthur: All right, apology accepted. Have a nice night.
Sheldon: No, no, now that weve cleared the air, I wanted to discuss another matter with you.
Arthur: Sheldon, in a couple hours I have to get up, pee and then wander around the house.
Sheldon: Well, then, Ill make this quick. Um, I want to talk about the paper you sent Leonard. Now, I know he said its promising and hes going to collaborate on it, but now that you and I are friends again, I am at your disposal. And, um, frankly, lending my name and reputation to it will help, because a lot of people think that youre a washed-up has-been. Or dead.
Arthur: I should be so lucky.
Sheldon: So, uh, what do you say?
Arthur: You know, if its all the same with you, I, I think Ill, Ill stick with Leonard.
Sheldon: Its because Im annoying, right? I know it is. Say it. Say it. Say Im annoying. 
Arthur: Good night.
Sheldon: Say it. Arthur, say it. Say Im annoying. Say it. Say it. Im annoying. Say it. 
Arthur: Youre annoying.
Sheldon: Well, that really hurt. 
Scene: Leonards laboratory. 
Leonard: If you would have told me when I was a kid that someday I would be doing science next to Professor Proton, I would not have believed you.
Arthur: If someone had told me that people would still call me Professor Proton when I was 83 years old, I never would have quit smoking.
Leonard: Im sorry, Dr. Jeffries, Im just excited. This nano vacuum tube idea of yours is, its really interesting.
Sheldon: Hello, Leonard. Oh, hello, Arthur. What an odd coincidence that youre both here.
Leonard: Why is it odd?
Sheldon: Because as it just so happens, Im also spending the day with a beloved childrens television science personality. Isnt that right, new friend and colleague Bill Nye the Science Guy. Sorry, I replaced you with a newer model.
Bill Nye: Wow, Arthur Jeffries. Its an honour to meet you. My show never would have happened without yours.
Arthur: Thats what I told my lawyers.
Leonard: Mr. Nye, hello. Im sorry he got you involved in this nonsense.
Bill: He said Id be speaking to a class.
Sheldon: No, I said you were teaching someone a lesson. Now lets go.
Bill: What are you guys working on?
Leonard: Oh, uh, were making nano vacuum tubes.
Bill: Oh, thats interesting.
Arthur: Havent you stolen enough from me? Back off, bow tie.
Scene: Pennys apartment. 
Penny: Hey, guys, what do you think?
Amy: Wow, Penny, good job.
Penny: Thanks. Target, four ninety-nine. Im getting a drink.
Amy: What are you working on?
Raj: Ah, Im making a necklace for my mom. 
Amy: Thats sweet.
Raj: Yeah, she and my dad are going through a bit of a rough patch, so I wanted to do something to let her know I was thinking about her.
Penny: Whats going on with them?
Raj: Theyre just having a little trouble communicating. My dad says its because the sound of my moms voice makes him want to tear his ears off and sew them over his eyes so he never has to look at her again.
Bernadette: Hi.
Penny: Hey, guys.
Amy: Hello.
Howard: Look whos here to put the Jew in jewellery night.
Bernadette: Oh, sure, so its fine when you say it.
Howard: Sorry were late. I wanted to swing by the lab and pick up some even cooler tools for us to use.
Raj: I didnt know you were coming again.
Howard: Well, last week was a blast. Plus, I thought you might like having a guy here. 
Penny (laughing): It was not funny.
Amy: So, what tools did you bring?
Howard: Everything we need to make jewellery moulds. Heres some silver, a crucible and an acetylene torch to melt it down.
Penny: Ooh, that looks like fun.
Bernadette: Maybe you should master glue before you move on to fire.
Howard: Okay, whos up first?
Amy: Rajesh, do you want to make a bracelet for your mom to go with the necklace?
Raj: No, thanks.
Howard: I was gonna make a necklace for my mom, but unfortunately she doesnt have a neck. Shes just chins and fat and feet.
Scene: Leonards laboratory.
Leonard: Okay, were almost ready to go. Once we bond the wires, we can test the tubes.
Arthur: This is so exciting, I, I feel like Im 75 again.
Leonard: Oh, God.
Arthur: What, what is it?
Leonard: Sheldon just sent me a picture of him and Bill Nye getting smoothies.
Arthur: Can, can I ask you a question?
Leonard: Yeah, sure.
Arthur: Why do you put up with Sheldon?
Leonard: Oh, uh, you know, because were friends.
Arthur: Why?
Leonard: Wow, you ask really hard questions.
Arthur: Yeah.
Leonard: Look, I know he can be aggravating, but what you have to remember is that hes not doing it on purpose. Its just how he is. But hes also loyal and trustworthy and we have fun together.
Arthur: You, you know youre describing a dog.
Leonard: He did bite me once. But in his defence, I came up behind him while he was eating, so
Arthur: Yeah, they, they hate that.
Leonard: You know what, Sheldon is the smartest person I have ever met. And hes a little broken and he needs me. I guess I need him, too.
Arthur: Why, why is that?
Leonard: Boy, you will not let this go, will you? Oh, jeez.
Arthur: Another photo from Sheldon?
Leonard: No, I have to go pick him up. Bill Nye ditched him at the smoothie place.
Arthur: He probably stole his wallet, too.
Scene: Pennys apartment. 
Howard: You know, if you guys are interested, theres a technique where I can take a lock of your hair, refine it into carbon dust and use the hydraulic press at work to turn it into a tiny little diamond with your DNA in it.
Penny: Oh, thats amazing,
Howard: Yeah. See Bernies engagement ring? That came right off my moms back.
Bernadette: Hes kidding. If that were true, itd be so much bigger.
Raj: My name is Howard. I can make your hair into diamonds. My mom is morbidly obese. Everybody love me.
Howard: Whoa, where is that coming from?
Raj: Ill tell you where its coming from. All you do is make fun of me for coming to girls night and now youre here ruining it for everyone.
Penny: Raj, cool it, hes gonna make us hair diamonds.
Howard: How am I ruining anything? Im just trying to help you make better jewellery.
Raj: But this isnt about the jewellery. This is about me having a place where I can open up about my feelings.
Howard: Since when cant you open up with me?
Raj: There are just some things that I feel more comfortable sharing with the girls, because they wont make fun of me or and call me names, or ask me if my Koothrapanties are in a bunch.
Howard: Buddy, I was just joking around. 
Raj: Yeah, well, sometimes your jokes hurt. 
Howard: Youre right. I didnt realize I was making you feel that way. It was very brave of you to tell me.
Raj: Thank you. It wasnt easy.
Amy: Theyre gonna have sex before Sheldon and I do, I know it.
Scene: The apartment.
Sheldon: Arthur?
Arthur: Hi, Sheldon.
Sheldon: Im surprised to see you here.
Arthur: Yeah, me, too. Somewhere around the third floor I began to see a, a white light.
Sheldon: Ill get Leonard.
Arthur: No, no, no, Im, Im here, Im here to see you.
Sheldon: If youre hoping to get in touch with Bill Nye, I cant help you. Ive been informed that hes now Bill Nye the Restraining Order Guy.
Arthur: No, I, I, I was thinking, if it isnt too much trouble, Id like to get your opinion about my, my paper.
Sheldon: Thank you. It would be an honour.
Arthur: Oh. Uh, great.
Sheldon: Actually, I dont need that. I hacked into your e-mail account and read it.
Arthur: And, what did you think?
Sheldon: Well, first, I think the fact that you use your birthday as a password is embarrassing. 
Arthur: Mmm. Thank you.
Sheldon: Second, um, I thought your paper was inspired. 
Arthur: Oh, well, that, that means a lot to me.
Sheldon: Can I invite you in for tea?
Arthur: Uh, no, no. I, I really, I have, I have to run.
Penny: Hey, Arthur. How are you?
Arthur: Well, I guess one cup wouldnt hurt.
Scene: Howard and Bernadettes apartment.
Howard: Oh, hey, buddy, whats up?
Raj: Well, I was feeling bad about how I acted the other night so I made you a little something.
Howard: You didnt have to do that.
Raj: Well, it was fun. I used some of the jewellery techniques you taught us. Its a lightsabre belt buckle.
Howard: Wow, this is so cool. Thanks.
Raj: Oh gets better.
Howard: Wow.
Raj: And thats not even the best part. See? I have one, too. Check it out. You can wear yours and we can have little sword fights whenever we want.
Scene: The apartment.
Sheldon: Yeah, and my eighth favourite episode of Professor Proton was Alka-Seltzer rocket. You said, plop, plop, fizz, fizz, oh, what a blast-off it is. Remember? Remember that? Remember?
Leonard: He cant help it. He cant. He really cant.
Sheldon: Oh, wait here. Ill get some Alka-Seltzer, we can build that rocket, and we can shoot it at Bill Nyes house. As long as Im not within 500 feet of it.
Arthur: So, you, uh, you have, you have any, single grandmothers?
Penny: Sorry, theyre both married.
Arthur: Good.
Penny: Mmm.
Arthur: Hap, hap, happily?
