Scene: The apartment.
Sheldon: Hello. Im Doctor Sheldon Cooper, and welcome to Sheldon Cooper presents Fun with Flags, the final episode flagtacular. I knew it was coming. Still scary. Now, Im sure youre thinking, the final episode? Who will stand between us and flag ignorance?
Amy: I know I was thinking that. Is this a show on flags or mind reading?
Sheldon: But the truth is I can no longer balance a full-time career, a popular Internet show, and a girlfriend.
Amy: And he really does have one, you jerks on the comment board.
Sheldon: So as they say, all good things must come to an end.
Amy: After only 232 episodes.
Sheldon: 233 if we include the one somebody forgot to press record on.
Amy: You said you werent gonna bring that up.
Sheldon: And you said you pressed record. Anyway, please sit back, relax, and join us as we take our final lap, as indicated by the waving of this racing flag. And, of course, white flags can also represent surrender, the Stewards of Gondor, and the Japanese Minamoto clan, but Im sure you remember that from episode sixty-two, White Flags, Whos Wavin Em and Why?
Amy: That was a good one.
Sheldon: It was so good.
Credits sequence. 
Scene: An office at the university.
Raj: You know, I thought cleaning out a dead professors office was gonna just be boring, but then I found his dentures and realized its also gross.
Howard: Doesnt Professor Abbotts family want any of this stuff?
Leonard: I dont think he had a family.
Raj: Thats rough.
Leonard: I know. You can spend your whole life working, and at the end all thats left are some papers in a box.
Howard: Makes you think. Oh, well.
Leonard: Hey. Hey, were supposed to look through all this stuff before we throw it away in case its important.
Howard: I did. Its all outdated or disproved.
Raj: I dont know. This old pen kind of proves gravity. When I tilt it, her bathing suit falls right off.
Howard: Oh, my dad used to have a pen like that. I dated it all through sixth grade.
Leonard: It still feels weird just throwing away his work like this.
Howard: Dont feel bad. Someday someone will be throwing out your work, too.
Leonard: That someone was Sheldon, and the day was yesterday. Hey, look at this. Dear Roger, to be opened upon your first great discovery. Love, Mom. Wow, look at the date. He saved this fifty years and never got to open it.
Howard: Thats intense.
Raj: Poor Roger Abbott.
Howard: Roger Abbott sounds just like Roger Rabbit.
Raj: Roger Abbott, Roger Abbott, Roger Abbott. Oh, my God, Leonard, I know hes dead, but try it. Its fun. Roger Abbott, Roger Abbott.
Scene: A hotel conference room.
Dan: Penny. Oh, my rookie of the year.
Penny: Oh, Dan. My boss who didnt want to hire me and nows a little hug machine.
Dan: Oh, look at you. Brand-new and already the third best sales rep.
Penny: Aw.
Dan: Yes. Why dont you come over to my table.
Penny: Ill be right there. Bernadettes just parking the car.
Dan: Oh, good. Bernadette. Cute, sweet, vicious little Bernadette.
Penny: Come on. Shes not that bad.
Dan: Oh, yeah? At the company picnic she yelled at me and my grandson for losing the three-legged race. I mean, he still calls her that mean kid with the big boobies.
Penny: I know she can be a little intense, but, I swear, she is so sweet once you get past all the
Bernadette: Hey, what are you talking about?
Penny: Oh. We were just talking about how much we love working with you. Isnt that right? Dan?
Scene: The apartment. 
Sheldon: Over the years here at Fun With Flags, weve had an opportunity to learn, laugh, wonder.
Amy: And, yes, even shed a tear or two.
Sheldon: Like when you do a two-hour Fourth of July spectacular and it doesnt get recorded.
Amy: How many times do I have to say Im sorry?
Sheldon: How about four thousand. One for every domino I set up to make that American flag. Please enjoy these highlights.
Highlight 1
Sheldon: Crikey, what flag do we have today?
Amy: Australia, mate.
Highlight 2
Sheldon: And now its time for the speed round of Flag or Not a Flag.
Kripke: Fwag, fwag, not a fwag, fwag, I am cwushing this.
Highlight 3
Amy: Say, Betsy Ross, what you working on?
Sheldon: I have no idea. Because the story of me sewing the first American flag is unsupported poppycock.
Amy: Then who did sew it, hmm?
Sheldon: Dont ask me. Im just a simple seamstress whose descendants are out to make a quick buck.
Highlight 4
Sheldon: Fancy a dip, my dear?
Amy: I do.
Sheldon: Wait, that purple flag indicates that marine pests, such as jellyfish, are present.
Amy: Wow, that flag is a lifesaver.
Sheldon: No. This is. Stop looking at my legs.
Highlight 5
Kripke: Not a fwag, fwag, fwag, not a fwag. Fwag. Ugh cwap.
Scene: The office.
Raj: When stuff like this gets me down, you know what I like to do?
Howard: Sing Hakuna Matata like an eight-year-old girl?
Raj: Wrong, smarty-pants. Its Everything Is Awesome from The Lego Movie.
Leonard: Look at these notebooks. Theyre full of pages and pages of data. He clearly spent years on this.
Howard: Mmm. Its just columns of random numbers. Toss it.
Leonard: Well, but what if this was a potential breakthrough for him? What if, what if this is the thing that wouldve finally let him open that bottle of champagne?
Raj: Maybe he didnt know what to pair champagne with. Strawberries, caviar, oysters. All good choices. Yeah, that look right there is why people eat before they come to your parties.
Leonard: This has to mean something.
Howard: Well, theres no discernible pattern that I can see, but it shouldnt be too hard to run the numbers and check.
Leonard: Well, maybe we can get some time on the supercomputer.
Howard: Sure. We could try multiple regressions with varying physical and experimental constants.
Leonard: Oh, we could run a pattern-matching algorithm against well-known unsolved physics problems.
Howard: Ooh, it might be a substitution cipher. We could start with basic cryptanalysis.
Raj: Or we could talk to this guy he used to share an office with.
Howard: Oh, lets do that.
Leonard: Because you dont know how to do cryptanalysis, do you?
Howard: Yeah, Im not even sure if its the right word.
Scene: The conference room. 
Penny: So, Dan, you have a grandson. How old is he?
Dan: Seven.
Bernadette: Oh, yeah. I remember him from the picnic. He was the one crying like a wuss the whole time.
Penny: I heard he was being picked on by a mean kid.
Bernadette: Just builds character. Like my dad said, nobody likes a crybaby except their mommies and Democrats.
Dan: I need another drink.
Bernadette: Whats his problem?
Penny: Oh, I dont know. Maybe he didnt like the fact that you called his grandson a wuss.
Bernadette: Well, I didnt think you were supposed to say sissy anymore.
Penny: Okay, look, I know what a good person you are, but sometimes people think you might come off a little harsh.
Bernadette: What? Im, like, the sweetest person I know. Look at me. I should be in a tree baking cookies.
Penny: Yes, but once in a while, people think youre a little mean.
Bernadette: Oh, yeah? You one of those people?
Penny: No. No, no, no. I think the cookie thing.
Scene: The apartment.
Amy: Action.
Sheldon: Welcome back. Our guest today is a returning fan favourite. He puts the reading in your rainbow, the Geordi in your La Forge, and the Kunta in your Kinte, Mr. LeVar Burton.
LeVar Burton: Thank you, Sheldon. Now, remember our deal.
Sheldon: You do this, I delete your contact information.
LeVar: While?
Sheldon: While you watch me do it.
LeVar: Great. Happy to be back.
Sheldon: Well, since youre here, Id like to get your opinion on something. In honour of Black History Month, I portrayed George Washington Carver in a loving tribute that my roommate called wildly racist. What do you think? (On recording) Hi. My name is George.
LeVar: Oh, hell, no.
Sheldon: You heard him, Leonard. No, its not racist.
Scene: An apartment building.
Howard: Are we sure this is the place?
Raj: The doorman said this is the right building.
Leonard: I think if youre pulling up your pants, youre not a doorman. (Knocks)
Man (off): Who is it?
Leonard: Uh, Ive been looking for a Professor Sharpe?
Prof Sharpe: Hold on. Can I help you?
Leonard: Hi. Were from the university. Were trying to get some information about Professor Abbott.
Howard: We were cleaning out his office and found these books full of numbers.
Leonard: Any chance you know what it is?
Prof Sharpe: Yes, he was always working on this.
Raj: I was thinking it might be some sort of interstellar coordinate system, maybe an updated version of Hubbles law. I keep seeing the number 90 repeating. That could be the angle of perturbation of a distant galaxy.
Prof Sharpe: Its the number of calories in a yoghurt. Thats his food diary.
Leonard: Really?
Prof Sharpe: Yeah, he wrote down everything he ever ate. He was convinced that calorie restriction was the key to living forever.
Raj: Does it work?
Howard: Seriously?
Raj: Well, he could have been hit by a bus. You dont know.
Prof Sharpe: Sorry its not more interesting. On the bright side, you didnt have to listen to his stomach growl for 35 years.
Leonard: So, was there anything that Professor Abbott worked on during his life that came close to an accomplishment?
Prof Sharpe: To be honest, his research never amounted to anything.
Raj: You were his colleague. How did your research turn out? Great. Hey, this is the apartment you get when you win a Nobel.
Raj: Well, you could be very frugal. Im getting a little tired of everybodys sarcasm.
Scene: The conference room.
Bernadette: Im not a bully. I mean, maybe I come off a little strong, but thats only because my dad raised me to be tough and not to take crap from anybody.
Penny: No. Thats fine, but theres a difference between being tough and telling your friend her new pants look like a saggy diaper.
Bernadette: I did say that, didnt I?
Penny: Yeah, you did. I felt so self-conscious, I had to return them.
Bernadette: Where? To Babies R Us?
Penny: Youre doing it again.
Bernadette: Okay, sorry. Can we just go? I feel like everybody hates me.
Penny: Oh, come on, they dont hate you, all right? Theyre just a little intimidated. All you need to do is show everyone how sweet you really are.
Bernadette: I think Id rather go.
Penny: No, come on. You are not going anywhere, all right? I am here for you, and we are gonna fix this together.
Bernadette: Thank you.
Penny: Even though your dress is ugly.
Scene:The apartment.
Sheldon: Well, my little flag-keteers, it looks like the last episode of Fun with Flags is at an end. If I could, I would run each and every one of you viewers up a flagpole and salute you. And if you touched the ground, burn you. Id like to take a moment to personally thank Dr. Amy Farrah Fowler, who you may or may not know is the first woman to co-host a flag or banner-related Internet info-tainment show.
Amy: Take that, glass ceiling.
Sheldon: And if I may get serious for a moment, hosting this show has been one crazy ride. But with all its ups and downs, I wouldnt give it up for the world. Except for now, when Im giving it up. Before I sign off, Id, uh, Id like to share with you all one last use for a white flag. Its good for times like this. Good night.
Amy: Cut. Sheldon, that was beautiful.
Sheldon: If you didnt press record
Amy: I pressed it.
Scene: The office.
Leonard: Well, thats it. Thats the end of Roger Abbott.
Raj: And we still dont know who framed him.
Leonard: I still keep thinking about how an entire life can seemingly amount to nothing.
Howard: I guess the sad truth is, not everyone will accomplish something great. Some of us may just have to find meaning in the little moments that make up life.
Leonard: Thats a nice way of looking at it.
Howard: Yeah for you, not for me. I went to space. Im covered.
Leonard: You know what? This bottle was meant to celebrate an achievement. Lets make a pact. When one of us gets their first big breakthrough, well celebrate by opening this bottle of champagne and toasting Professor Abbott.
Howard: I love that.
Raj: Yeah, me, too.
Leonard: Then, of course, rubbing our success in Sheldons face.
Raj: Oh, well, thats the best part.
Howard: Oh, yeah.
Scene: The conference room.
Bernadette: Dan, could I talk to you for a minute?
Dan: Sure, go ahead.
Bernadette: Just want you to know I didnt mean to be rude about your grandson.
Dan: No, its okay.
Bernadette: No, its not. Penny told me that everyones scared of me.
Dan: What? What? Why would she say that? You know she drinks, right?
Penny: What?
Bernadette: No, shes right, and I just want you to know that from now on, Im gonna be much more sensitive. I dont want anyone walking on eggshells around me.
Dan: Oh, well, okay, then, uh, one thing Ive been meaning to tell you is that the company is gonna stop paying for our coffee.
Bernadette: No problem. When does that start?
Dan: Five months ago.
Bernadette: What?
Dan: Yeah.
Bernadette: Whos been paying for my coffee?
Dan: All of us.
Penny: Yeah. It comes from the swear jar we put money in when you curse.
Bernadette: What else dont I know about?
Penny: Uh, well, you know your private bathroom?
Bernadette: Yeah?
Penny: That was supposed to be for the whole floor.
Bernadette: Youre kidding.
Dan: No, no. Its okay. It only really affected Wheelchair Kathy, and shes back in the hospital now, so it all worked out.
Bernadette: I feel so bad.
Penny: Well, then, maybe you shouldnt have named her Wheelchair Kathy.
Bernadette: Oh, my God. I thought everybody liked me, but Im just a monster.
Dan: But a cute one, like that, uh, eyeball guy in Monsters, Inc.
Bernadette: No, Im the worst. Im a terrible person.
Dan: Come on, dont cry. Its okay.
Bernadette: Its not okay. How can I even work here anymore?
Penny: Because this company needs you.
Dan: Its fine. We dont mind paying for the coffee.
Bernadette: I cant let you do that.
Dan: Maybe we could get you an espresso machine for your office.
Bernadette: I guess that would be all right.
Penny: See? You dont have to be mean to get what you want.
Bernadette: Youre right. Now where did we land on my bathroom?
Scene: The apartment. 
Leonard: Hey.
Sheldon: Hello.
Leonard: How come youre up so late?
Sheldon: I posted the last episode of Fun with Flags hours ago, and not a single person cared enough to comment. All that effort for nothing.
Leonard: Mm. I know how you feel. I spent the day throwing out a mans entire career, and all thats left is an old bottle of champagne and a naked lady pen that Raj took when he thought no one was looking.
Sheldon: Its not the same thing. I dont think you know how I feel at all.
Leonard: Sad?
Sheldon: Hmm. You do get me. Someone left a comment.
Leonard: Yeah. What did they say?
Sheldon: Too bad your show is done. I kind of liked it. Leonard, did you hear that? Oh, the people are heartbroken. I cant take this away from the world. Fun with Flags is back.
Leonard: Congratulations.
Sheldon: Lets celebrate.
Leonard: Sheldon, that wasnt for you.
Sheldon: Oh, no, Im not going to drink it. I just wanted to hear the pop. Yeah, I knew it was coming. Still scary.
Scene: LeVar Burtons house.
Sheldon: (Knock, knock, knock) LeVar Burton? (Knock, knock, knock) LeVar Burton? (Knock, knock, knock) LeVar Burton?
LeVar: Ugh. What are you doing here?
Sheldon: You told me not to call, and I didnt know how else to give you the good news. Fun with Flags is back, and you can be in the next episode.
LeVar: Wil Wheaton said, get a gate. I dont know why I didnt get a gate.
Sheldon: You, at least listen to the premise. Since you were born in Germany, I thought we could talk
about German flags. How do you feel about dressing up like a swastika?
