Scene: The cafeteria.
Raj: Hey, I read that someone invented a way to convert your footsteps into electromagnetic energy so you can charge your cell phone while walking.
Leonard: We had that idea years ago. How come we never did anything with it?
Howard: Probably because we left the diagram of it in the restaurant, and none of us wanted to walk back.
Sheldon: I know the real reason you never made progress with that idea. You thought of it September 22nd, 2007. Two days later, Penny moved in, and so much blood rushed to your genitals, your brain became a ghost town.
Leonard: Thats not what happened.
Sheldon: I remember it distinctly because I had just composed my annual poem commemorating the anniversary of Dr. Seusss death.
Howard: No one wants to hear it.
Sheldon: Why, die. Why did he die? Old, told. I was told he was old.
Leonard: Penny is not the reason I didnt pursue that idea.
Sheldon: Oh, really? Since meeting her, what have been your greatest accomplishments?
Raj: Easy. Sleeping with Penny.
Howard: Getting Penny to go back out with him after she dumped him.
Raj: Tricking Penny into getting engaged.
Howard: And a few weeks ago, he almost did a pull-up.
Leonard: I think someone owes me an apology.
Sheldon: Well, dont feel bad. I think weve all been distracted since the girls entered our lives.
Howard: You admit Amys a distraction?
Sheldon: Oh, very much so. Listen to this. This is from two days ago. Hi. Hope youre having a good day. Who has time for this constant sexting?
Leonard: Well, maybe we have lost our focus.
Howard: It wouldnt kill us to get together and brainstorm ideas.
Raj: Ooh, we could have one of those retreats.
LeonardLike our own science retreat.
Howard: My cousin has a cabin out in the woods.
Sheldon: Im not going to a cabin in the woods. Did you see the movie Cabin in the Woods?
Leonard: Then well go to a hotel.
Sheldon: A hotel? Did you see The Shining?
Raj: We could go up to Big Bear and get a house on the lake.
Sheldon: Did you see The Lake House?
Raj: Nothing bad happens in The Lake House.
Sheldon: Yeah, well, no, not to them. To me. Time traveling mailbox. The only time that traveled was an hour and half of my life down the toilet.
Leonard: Fine. Then well just stay here and do it.
Sheldon: Well, you didnt suggest a beach house.
Leonard: You would go to a beach house?
Sheldon: Well, good Lord, no, have you seen Jaws?
Scene: Pennys apartment.
Penny: Hey.
Leonard: Hey. So, the guys and I are talking about having kind of a science retreat this weekend. I just wanted to know if thats okay. You and I had talked about going to brunch on Sunday.
Penny: Want to go to Vegas this weekend?
Amy: Of course I do.
Penny: Bernadette? Girls weekend. Vegas. You in?
Bernadette: Hell, yeah.
Penny: Yes. Ill check flights.
Bernadette: Ill check hotels.
Amy: Ill check my underpants. Im so excited, I think I peed.
Leonard: They seem okay with it.
Scene: The apartment.
Raj: Hey.
Leonard: Hey.
Howard: Hey. I didnt think youd make it.
Raj: Why not?
Howard: Well, cause you have a steady girlfriend now, and we assumed youd have to stay home to lower the food down to her in the pit.
Raj: For your information, Emily is working tonight.
Sheldon: Yeah, one would assume, on getting out of the pit.
Leonard: Okay, lets focus. The girls are gone, we have 48 hours. There are no distractions. Lets change the world.
Sheldon: Thinking caps on.
Howard: Here we go.
Raj: Ooh, this is exciting. Were innovating. I feel like were in the Facebook movie.
Howard: Oh. I never saw that.
Sheldon: Really?
Raj: Oh. Its wonderful, and I swear Im not saying that because Justin Timberlake is in it.
Sheldon: Yeah, I have it on Blu-ray. We should watch it.
Raj: Cool. Ill make the popcorn.
Leonard: Guys, in 30 seconds, we went from lets change the world to lets watch TV.
Sheldon: Im sorry. Is that a no?
Howard: Okay. No. Leonards right. Were here to focus. Didnt we used to have a list of all our ideas?
Leonard: I, I think I still have it.
Sheldon: I did not get a clear answer. Im gonna set this down now.
Leonard: Ah, here it is. Whoa. I havent looked at these in years. Robot girlfriend.
Howard: Mm, that was mine.
Leonard: Robot prostitute.
Howard: Also mine.
Sheldon: Wait. Im confused. Why would you need both a robot girlfriend and a robot prostitute?
Howard: Theres just some things you dont do with your robot girlfriend.
Raj: Boy, when you met Bernadette, the field of robotics really took a hit.
Leonard: Okay, lets just skip all the inventions you can have sex with. All right, no, here we go, ergonomic heated seat cushion.
Howard: No, it vibrates. Keep going.
Leonard: You know, lets just come up with something new.
Sheldon: You know, a number of significant innovations have been inspired by science fiction. The, the geosynchronous satellite from Arthur C. Clarke. The Motorola flip phone, that came from Star Trek. And Ive long suspected that the idea of an African-American president was stolen from the movie Deep Impact.
Raj: Hey, the future they show in Back to the Future II is only a year away. A lot of the things in that movie havent been invented yet.
Leonard: How cool would that be if we could make one of those a reality?
Sheldon: If we could figure out the scientific basis for Martys hover board, that would have universal application.
Leonard: Well, its, its possible at absolute zero, but we would have to remove the temperature restrictions.
Raj: Oh, I have an idea.
Sheldon: I think I have the same one.
Howard: We got to watch Back to the Future II.
Raj: Ill make the popcorn.
Scene: A Vegas hotel room.
Penny: So, where should we go first?
Amy: Ooh. Theres a cover band in the lounge.
Penny: Nah.
Amy: But they play Barry Manilow.
Penny: No.
Amy: But theyre called Fairly Manilow.
Penny: Oh. Okay.
Amy: Great.
Penny: No.
Bernadette: Well, what do you want to do?
Penny: Well, were in Vegas. I want to go downstairs, get a bucket of margaritas, dance until I vomit all over a roulette wheel and watch it go everywhere.
Amy: What if we dont want to vomit?
Penny: Oh, you will. Thats why they give you the bucket. Uh-oh.
Amy: What?
Penny: Its my boss. They moved my field ride up to Monday.
Amy: What does that mean?
Penny: It means instead of having a week to study, I only have two days.
Bernadette: That sucks.
Amy: Can you start in the morning?
Penny: Uh, its kind of a lot. You know, let me do a little tonight, and Ill catch up with you guys later.
Bernadette: You sure?
Penny: Yeah, its okay. Go ahead.
Amy: So, um, now that Pennys not coming
Bernadette: Were not seeing Fairly Manilow.
Amy: Okay.
Scene: The apartment. 
Howard: Hold on. Pause. Something doesnt make sense. Look, in 2015, Biff steals the sports almanac and takes the time machine back to 1955, to give it to his younger self. But as soon as he does that, he changes the future, so the 2015 he returns to would be a different 2015, not the 2015 that Marty and Doc were in.
Leoanard: This is Hot Tub Time Machine all over again. If future Biff goes back to 2015 right after he gives young Biff the almanac, he could get back to the 2015 with Marty and Doc in it. Because it wasnt until his 21st birthday that 1955 Biff placed his first bet.
Sheldon: Wait. Whoa, whoa. Is placed right?
Leonard: What do you mean?
Sheldon: Is placed the right tense for something that would have happened in the future of a past that was affected by something from the future?
Leonard: Had will have placed?
Sheldon: Thats my boy.
Leonard: Okay, so, it wasnt until his 21st birthday that Biff had will have placed his first bet and made his millions. Thats when he altered the timeline.
Sheldon: Yeah, but he had will havent placed it!
Howard: What?
Sheldon: Unlike Hot Tub Time Machine, this couldnt be more simple. When Biff gets the almanac in 1955, the alternate future he creates isnt the one in which Marty and Doc Brown ever use the time machine to travel to 2015. Therefore, in the new timeline, Marty and Doc never brought the time machine
Leonard: Wait. Is brought right?
Sheldon: Marty and Doc never had have had brought?
Leonard: I dont know. You did it to me.
Sheldon: Oh, Im going with it. Marty and Doc never had have had brought the time machine to 2015. That means 2015 Biff could also not had have had brought the almanac to 1955 Biff. Therefore, the timeline in which 1955 Biff gets the almanac is also the timeline in which 1955 Biff never gets the almanac. And not just never gets. Never have, never hasnt, never had have hasnt.
Raj: Hes right. Also, what kind of name is Biff? Sounds like when you pop open a can of Pillsbury dough. Biff.
Howard: Oh, that stuff is so good wrapped around cocktail weenies.
Leonard: Guys.
Sheldon: Do you know that the word wiener comes from the German name of the Austrian capital Vienna, or Wien?
Raj: Do you know if you look at Austria on a map it actually looks like a wiener?
Leonard: Guys, what are we doing? We sent the girls away so we could focus.
Sheldon: I dont think it worked.
Scene: A bar in Vegas.
Amy: Maybe after this, youll be in the mood for some Manilow.
Bernadette: I think after this, Ill be dead.
Amy: Look at us out, while Pennys in the room studying.
Bernadette: Im proud of her. This is a great opportunity. Its nice to see her take it seriously.
Amy: It is. But enough about Penny. Lets talk about us. Were looking good.
Bernadette: We are.
Amy: Better than good. I mean, look at you. Your bodys bangin.
Bernadette: Amy.
Amy: Dont Amy me. Were always talking about how hot Penny is. Come on, scientist to scientist, how big are those Hadron Colliders?
Bernadette: Youre embarrassing me.
Amy: Oh, dont be embarrassed. Ill show you the divot in my spine.
Bernadette: What?
Amy: No, no, its okay. I was born with it. If you put a double-A battery in there, it makes my leg kick.
Scene: Leonards laboratory.
Leonard: All right.
Sheldon: Oh, this is already better. There are far fewer distractions in here.
Raj: Plus, this is where our minds are conditioned to focus on work.
Leonard: So, Ive been thinking about the hover boards, and maybe theres a way we could use Maglev technology.
Howard: Or if we could figure out a way to supercool the materials, we could utilize quantum coupling.
Sheldon: Well, I wonder if anyones tried that.
Raj: Go online and look it up.
Shortly afterwards.
Howard: Oh, I cant argue with him. Its right there on the screen. Austria does look like a wiener.
Raj: Thats nothing, dude. Go check out how hung Florida is.
Leonard: Im sure Mrs. Floridas walking funny. Can we get back to work?
Sheldon: Yeah, hes right. Oh, heres a thought. What if we use some form of operant conditioning techniques to keep us from getting off topic?
Howard: Like behavior modification?
Sheldon: Yeah, exactly. Did you know those techniques were used to actually teach pigeons to play ping-pong?
Raj: That cannot be true.
Shortly afterwards.
Raj: Hey, it was match point.
Leonard: Some psychologists perform operant conditioning with punishment. Maybe we can come up with a punishment for straying off topic.
Raj: Not getting to see who wins at pigeon ping-pong comes to mind.
Howard: We could snap a rubber band on our wrists every time we get sidetracked.
Sheldon: Mmm, not bad. You know, in medieval times, idle chatter was punished with a device called the scolds bridle. Its an iron cage thats locked around the head and pierces the tongue.
Leonard: If only we had one.
Sheldon: Oh, Ill check Amazon.
Scene: The hotel room.
Bernadette: Housekeeping.
Amy: We had a complaint about somebody pooping on a party in there.
Bernadette: It was us the whole time.
Amy: Whyd you tell her? It was working.
Bernadette: Was it working?
Penny: Yeah.
Bernadette: Oh, Im so sorry.
Penny: You guys look like youre having fun.
Amy: Were having the best time.
Bernadette: Guess who won a hundred dollars playing craps.
Penny: Thats a dollar.
Bernadette: Then guess who wildly overtipped a cocktail waitress.
Amy: Hey, Penny, hey, lets go. We found a place that has Australian male strippers.
Bernadette: We want to see if they twirl their junk in the other direction.
Penny: That sounds so great. But I have a little more studying to do.
Amy: Can you believe this nerd?
Bernadette: Come on, do you want to sit here being a loser, or do you want to watch me climb into an Australian mans G-string like a baby kangaroo?
Penny: All right, guys, look, I would love to go out, but Ive got to get this done, okay? So have fun at the club. And if you get in trouble, find a policeman. And if hes taking off his pants, he is not a real policeman.
Amy: Okay, okay, this is obviously very important to her. Lets just, well help her study so she can get done quicker. Here, here, Im gonna quiz you. Im gonna quiz you. I got your notes. I got your notes. I got your notes. If you want these, theyre gonna be at the strip club.
Bernadette: Arent you gonna chase her?
Penny: To the walk-in closet? Sure.
Scene: Leonards lab.
Leonard: Okay, so we agree, whenever someone takes us off topic they get their arm hair yanked off.
Raj: And I really cant let that happen or the girl who does my eyebrows will think Ive been cheating on her.
Leonard: All right, now, one benefit of quantum coupling
Sheldon: Wait, a question, who decides if someones gone off topic?
Leonard: I think itll be pretty clear. If not, well take a vote. Oh, and also
Sheldon: Ow. We didnt vote!
Leonard: We didnt have to, that was clearly a tangent. Now come on. Back to work. If were leaning towards quantum coupling Aah! Why?
Sheldon: You said quantum coupling. That made me think of the show Quantum Leap. Thats a tangent and its your fault.
Howard: Thats ridiculous. Sheldon, I vote that is not a tangent.
Leonard: Thank you. And now I owe you one.
Sheldon: Ow. That was your fault.
Howard: Hey.
Raj: Ooh, that is a lot of hair. Ow. And now Im gonna hear it from Jenny.
Leonard: Everyone stop. This was a stupid idea. Negative reinforcement isnt working.
Sheldon: I think you mean positive punishment. Negative reinforcement is the removal of a positive stimulus. Its a common mistake.
Howard: Negative reinforcement is really wrong?
Sheldon: Oh, its used incorrectly all the time. Even Bill Murray makes that mistake in the first scene of Ghostbusters.
Raj: No way. Not Bill Murray.
Shortly afterwards.
Bill Murray (on screen): Im studying the effect of negative reinforcement on ESP ability.
Raj: Huh. Bill Murray did get it wrong.
Howard: Jump ahead to the Stay Puft Marshmallow Man.
Leonard: No.
Sheldon: Leonards right. We cant just jump ahead. We have to watch the whole movie.
Leonard: Look. We keep procrastinating. We saw Back to the Future II, pigeons playing ping-pong, a bunch of countries that look like genitals and one guy whose genitals look like Denmark.
Raj: Yeah, sorry for clicking on that.
Leonard: Its late. Weve wasted hours. Can we please find it in ourselves to do any amount of work tonight?
Sheldon: But we didnt see them bust one ghost.
Leonard: So youre, youre saying we should stand here in my lab on a Saturday night and watch the rest of Ghostbusters on a crappy laptop?
Sheldon: No.
Scene: The apartment.
All: Ghostbusters!
Leonard: It really does hold up.
Scene: The Vegas strip club.
Bernadette: See? Isnt this better than a hotel room?
Penny: Yep. Shake that thing.
Bernadette: Have you ever seen a body so fine?
Amy: We had some pretty hot corpses in my anatomy class, but none of them moved like that.
Scene: The hotel room.
Penny: Good morning. You want to go to the pool? Come on, you said it yourself, only nerds and losers stay in the room. Wow, its bright out. Isnt it bright? I should probably close these curtains. Nah. Bye.
Bernadette: Would you please close the drapes?
Amy: Okay.
