Scene: The cafeteria. Sheldon is drawing on a napkin.
Raj: What are you drawing over there?
Sheldon: Its a hypothetical containment field for a Frisbee-sized wormhole that could serve as a portal to a parallel universe.
Howard: Oh, you silly doodlebug.
Leonard: You know, a lot of scientists believe that making contact with other life-forms would probably not end well for us.
Sheldon: Its a Frisbee-sized wormhole, Leonard. You can block it with a Frisbee. Calm down. (Hands Howard the napkin)
Howard: Do you expect me to build this?
Sheldon: I expect you to wipe the pudding off your chin. Gentlemen.
Howard: Have you guys ever noticed that Sheldon always disappears every day at two forty-five?
Leonard: Really?
Raj: He probably just goes to the bathroom.
Leonard: Actually, no, he goes to the bathroom at eight a.m. with optional follow-ups at one forty-five and seven ten high-fibre Fridays.
Raj: Its sad that you know that.
Leonard: Oh, thats just the tip of the sadness iceberg.
Howard: Im looking at his public calendar. Two forty-five to three-oh-five, nothing. Yesterday, two forty-five to three-oh-five, nothing, last week, nothing, last month, nothing. He never has anything booked during that time.
Raj: Twenty minutes a day, completely unaccounted for.
Howard: We should figure out where he goes.
Raj: Ooh, this is exciting. Like one of my classic murder mystery dinner parties.
Leonard: Right, the case of who murdered three Saturday nights of my life?
Howard: Colonel Koothrapali in the kitchen with the olive spread.
Raj: It was tapenade and you guys suck.
Credits sequence.
Scene: Pennys apartment. Penny is texting.
Penny: So, how was work today?
Leonard: Well, I spent most of the afternoon growing isotopically pure crystals for neutrino detection.
Penny: That sounds like fun.
Leonard: Yeah, it was.
Penny: Oh, good, I guessed right.
Leonard: Who you talking to?
Penny: Oh, just this guy I met at school.
Leonard: Oh, great. Were still dating, right?
Penny: Relax. Hes just a friend. Were doing an oral report together. Hes really nice.
Leonard: Im sorry, what was that? I had a little stroke after oral.
Penny: Would you stop? Look, he just moved here from London, okay? He doesnt really know anybody.
Leonard: Oh, good, an English accent, the sexiest accent you can have.
Penny: No. Thats not true. Theres French, theres Italian. No, youre right, its the best.
Leonard: Did you tell him you have a boyfriend?
Penny: It didnt come up.
Leonard: Well, maybe you should tell him.
Penny: What am I supposed to say?
Leonard: Say, cant talk right now, hanging with my boyfriend. England sucks, you suck, USA number one.
Penny: Fine. Hanging with my boyfriend. Talk to you later. Happy?
Leonard: Yes. Thank you.
Penny: Mm-hmm. Hmm.
Leonard: What did he say?
Penny: Nothing.
Leonard: What?
Penny: Did your boyfriend make you type that?
Leonard: I hate this guy.
Penny: Dont be like that.
Leonard: Come on, trust me, hes hitting on you.
Penny: No, hes not. Were just friends. Look, is this gonna be a problem? Because hes supposed to come over tomorrow to work.
Leonard: Really? Here?
Penny: If it makes you uncomfortable, Ill switch partners, even though the things due next week and everyone already has a partner and Ill probably end up failing the class.
Leonard: Thatd be great. Thank you.
Scene: The corridor outside Sheldons office.
Howard: Two forty-four, Right on schedule. Hey, Sheldon.
Sheldon: Oh, hello.
Howard: Raj and I are heading over to the genetics lab to pet the glow-in-the-dark bunny. Want to come with us?
Sheldon: No, thank you.
Raj: Are you sure? They turn off the lights, and its like a cute little laser show that poops all over the place.
Sheldon: Im quite sure. Good day.
Howard: Well, where are you going?
Sheldon: Where are you going?
Raj: We just told you.
Sheldon: I just told you.
Howard: No, you didnt.
Sheldon: Well, its your word against mine; see you in court.
Howard: Should we follow him?
Raj: I dont know, Im torn. I want to know where hes going, but now I kind of want to play with the bunny.
Alex: Hi, guys.
Howard: Hey, Alex, do you know where your boss just went?
Alex: No.
Howard: Dont you know his schedule?
Alex: All I know is corduroy makes too much noise and I have to go find quieter pants.
Howard: Come on.
Raj: Boy, what I wouldnt give to get her out of those pants and into something a little more stylish.
Scene: A corridor in the basement. Sheldon takes out a key, unlocks a door and enters.
Howard: This is where he goes? Whats in there?
Raj: I think its an old storage room.
Howard: What could he be doing in there every day for twenty minutes?
Raj: Well, hes not doing twenty-minute abs, because if he were, he would have way better abs. Can you hear anything?
Howard: Not yet. What are you doing?
Raj: Im listening.
Howard: Cant you face the other way and listen?
Raj: I cant do anything right for you, can I?
Howard: What the hell is he up to?
Raj: He is kind of a weirdo. Maybe hes got Leonard Nimoy chained up in there. Or Bill Gates. Or Stephen Hawking.
Howard: Why would he chain up Stephen Hawking?
Raj: Howard, please, you cant treat the man differently just because hes disabled. Thats not okay.
Scene: The apartment.
Leonard: If youre wondering why Ive been staring through the peephole, Im trying to get a look at this guy whos coming over to Pennys.
Sheldon: To be honest, I didnt know you were here.
Leonard: Its not a big deal. Hes just in her history class. Theyre working on a project together. I dont even know why I care. You know what, I dont care.
Sheldon: You think you dont care?
Leonard: This is silly. I have nothing to worry about.
Sheldon: Oh, I dont know. I mean, statistically speaking, Im sure you have something to worry about.
Leonard: What do you mean?
Sheldon: Well, if we assume your looks are average, yeah, right off the bat, fifty percent of men on Earth are more attractive than you. Thats one point five billion handsome lads standing by, waiting to rain on your parade.
Leonard: Well, yeah, but this isnt just about looks. Im, Im way above average in a lot of other things.
Sheldon: Not height, vision, athleticism, or ability to digest dairy products.
Leonard: Im talking about important things like emotional maturity.
Sheldon: You were just spying on your girlfriend through a peephole.
Leonard: I liked it better when you thought I wasnt here.
Sheldon: Im not saying you dont have attractive qualities. Your choice of friends is impeccable, youre a good sleeper, and last but not least, you buy the grapes I like. Youre a real catch compared to some snoring guy with a fridge full of lousy grapes.
Leonard: None of this matters. I trust that Penny cares about me, and nothings gonna happen with this guy.
Sheldon: Well, unless of course hes a skilled hypnotist.
Leonard: What?
Sheldon: While unlikely, its still a statistical possibility. She might be performing sexual acts with him and not even know it.
Leonard: Now youre just being ridiculous.
Sheldon: Am I? The minds a mysterious thing, Leonard. He could be having the time of his life while she thinks shes a chicken pecking for corn.
Scene: The university basement.
Raj: Look at us, sneaking around in the middle of the night like a couple of cat burglars.
Howard: I think were more like ninjas.
Raj: I dont want to be a ninja, I want to be a cat burglar.
Howard: Fine, Ill be a ninja, you be a cat burglar.
Raj: No, we both have to be the same thing. Okay, were ninjas.
Howard: Thank you.
Raj: But next time, well be cat burglars.
Howard: Its locked.
Raj: Are you sure?
Howard: Yes, Im sure. Now, you stand guard, Im going to
Raj (trying door): Its locked.
Howard: Just keep an eye out. Ill have this open in a minute.
Raj: When did you learn how to pick locks?
Howard: When I was starting to do magic in junior high, I thought I could be an escape artist like Harry Houdini.
Raj: How did that work out?
Howard: Pretty good. I managed to escape friends, popularity, and every party thrown in a twelve mile radius. There. Ready?
Raj: Hold on, hold on.
Howard: What?
Raj: Sheldon is a very smart man, and he obviously wants to keep this a secret.
Howard: Yeah, so?
Raj: What if its booby-trapped?
Howard: Dont worry, Im one step ahead of him.
Raj: Great, whats your pl (Howard pushes him inside)
Howard: Are we good?
Raj: Yeah. Huh. Forty-three? What the hell does that mean?
Howard: I dont know. The solution to an equation?
Raj: Maybe. Its a prime number. Encryption systems are built on prime numbers.
Howard: What kind of secret does Sheldon have to encrypt?
Raj: Hes always been very cagey about what he puts in his egg salad to make it so tasty.
Howard: Its paprika.
Raj: Really? Well, oh, okay, one mystery solved.
Scene: The apartment.
Voice from Outside: Okay, good night.
Penny (off): Thanks, Cole. See you at school.
Cole (off): See you.
Leonard: Ill be right back.
Sheldon: I thought you left a long time ago.
Leonard (rushing to catch up with Cole): sup?
Cole: Hey.
Leonard: You, uh, moving into the apartment on the fifth floor?
Cole: No, I was just visiting a friend.
Leonard: Oh, cool. That cute blonde on four?
Cole: Yeah. You know her?
Leonard: I, well, I see her around. I like to keep my distance because her boyfriend is a pretty scary dude.
Cole: Really?
Leonard: Yeah. Hes ganged up.
Cole: She told me hes a scientist.
Leonard: Thats the name of his gang. The Scientists. They are crazy.
Cole: Well, thanks for the tip.
Leonard: No problem, brother. Stay frosty. (Cole leaves. Leonard spots Penny watching.) Were still dating, right?
Scene: The cafeteria.
Alex: Oh, hello, Dr. Hofstadter.
Leonard: Hey, Alex, and call me Leonard. Dr. Hofstadter is my father. And my mother. And my sister. And our cat. Although, Im pretty sure Dr. Boots Hofstadters degree was honorary.
Alex: May I join you, Leonard?
Leonard: Sure.
Alex: Thanks.
Leonard: Hey, Alex, let me ask you something. My girlfriend knows this guy at school. Hes got an English accent.
Alex: Ooh, I love English accents.
Leonard: Yeah, you all do. Anyway, I feel like hes hitting on her. She says hes just being nice and that I should trust her.
Alex: Its probably harmless. You know how it is. Im sure you get hit on all the time.
Leonard: Right. Because girls are always like, ooh, that guy owns two Star Trek uniforms and gets a lot of ear infections. I got to get me some of that.
Alex: I dont know, I bet it happens more than you realize.
Leonard: Trust me, it doesnt.
Alex: You sure? Youre cute, youre funny. Maybe youre getting hit on, and you dont even know it.
Leonard: Really?
Alex: Yep, pretty sure.
Leonard (laughs): Okay, I got to get back to work. Thanks for listening.
Alex: No problem.
Leonard: Hope-hope no girls rip my clothes off on the way.
Scene: Rajs office.
Raj: Come on, were smart guys. We can figure this out.
Howard: Forty-three. What is forty-three? Besides my moms neck size.
Raj: Its the atomic number for technetium.
Howard: That stuffs radioactive.
Raj: Do you think hes building a bomb?
Howard: Ah, it took him two years to put together that Lego Death Star, Im not worried.
Raj: Ooh, this could be something. forty-three is the number of calories in half a cup of fat-free yoghurt.
Howard: Why would you know that?
Raj: Im sorry. We cant all eat whatever we want and still stay thin. Wait, in the Hitchhikers Guide to the Galaxy, isnt forty-three the answer to the question of life, the universe,and everything?
Howard: Thats forty-two, dumb-ass.
Raj: Hey, hey. Feelings.
Howard: We should stop. Im exhausted.
Raj: Yeah, me, too. Weve got more important things to do. Who cares what stupid forty-three means?
Howard: Not me.
Raj: Lets go home. You want to get something to eat?
Howard: Sounds good.
Raj: What the balls is forty-three?
Howard: I have to know!
Scene: The stairwell.
Leonard: Hi.
Penny: Hey, shouldnt you be out with your gang, spray painting equations on the side of buildings?
Leonard: Come on, Im sorry.
Penny: I just cant believe you dont trust me.
Leonard: I do, of course I do.
Penny: Then why did you embarrass me in front of my friend, who, by the way, knew exactly who you were?
Leonard: Really?
Penny: Your pictures on my refrigerator.
Leonard: Oh. You know, Im really starting to not like this guy.
Penny: What is your problem? Do you use up all your thinking at work and then have none left over for when you get home?
Leonard: I dont know. It-it-its hard sometimes. Everywhere you go, guys hit on you, even if Im standing right there. And theyre all taller than me. Why is everyone taller than me? You know what, this is all in my head. Its my problem, not yours.
Penny: Leonard, why do you always do this? Listen to me, youre the one Im with. You know I love you, so will you please relax because youre driving me crazy.
Leonard: You know thats the first time you ever said that you love me.
Penny: Yeah.
Leonard: Were just supposed to pretend its not a big deal?
Penny: Thats exactly what were gonna do because youre about to make me cry, and we both know if I start crying, youre gonna start crying.
Leonard: Youre right, you should go.
Penny (crying): All right.
Leonard (crying): She loves me. (Receives text) Hey, its Alex. Nice having coffee with you. If you want to talk more, Im always available. Smiley face, smiley face. What a friendly girl.
Scene: The cafeteria.
Howard: Okay, pictures up. Looks like the cameras working.
Raj: Thats good quality video.
Howard: It better be. Its the spare camera for the Mars rover.
Raj: How did you get your hands on that?
Howard: Million dollar camera, ten dollar lock.
Raj: Oh, my God, here he comes. This is it.
Howard: What the hell is that thing?
Raj: I dont know.
Sheldon (on screen): This is Dr. Sheldon Cooper. Experimental log. Wormhole generator test forty-four.
Howard: Wormhole generator test? (On screen a wormhole appears)
Sheldon: The first forty-three parallel universes Ive checked proved to be empty. I see no reason to suspect universe number forty-four will be any different. (Puts his head in the wormhole)
Howard: Oh, my God!
Raj: Holy crap!
Sheldon (with an alien creature stuck to his face): Oh! Its eating my face!
Raj: Aah! Its eating his face!
Sheldon (throwing alien onto the laptop): I found your webcam and replaced the video feed. You two should be ashamed of yourselves.
Raj: Sheldon, were really sorry.
Howard: Yeah, really sorry.
Sheldon: Sorry? You may not realize it, but I have difficulty navigating certain aspects of daily life. You know, understanding sarcasm, feigning interest in others, not talking about trains as much as I want to. Its exhausting. Which is why, for twenty minutes a day, I like to go down to that room, turn my mind off and do what I need to do to recharge.
Howard: But what are you doing in there?
Raj: And what does forty-three mean?
Sheldon: You dont need to know, you dont deserve to know, and you will never know.
Raj: Yeah, well, I know how to make your egg salad now.
Scene: The room in the basement. Sheldon enters, takes out a box, takes a beanbag from the box, then starts playing keepie-uppie,
Sheldon: One, two, three, four, five, six, seven, eight Drat. Im never going to get to forty-three again. One, two, three, four Rats.
