Scene: The apartment, the living room.
Howard: Watch this, its really cool. Call Leonard Hofstadter.
Howards phone: Did you say, call Helen Boxleitner?
Howard: No. Call Leonard Hofstadter.
Howards phone: Did you say, call Temple Beth Sader. 
Howard: No.
Leonard: Here, let me try. Call McFlono McFloonyloo. Heh-heh. 
Howards phone: Calling Rajesh Koothrappali. (Rajs phone rings).
Raj: Oh, thats very impressive. And a little racist. 
Sheldon: If were all through playing mock the flawed technology, can we get on with Halo night, we were supposed to start at eight, it is now 8:06.
Leonard: So? Well start now.
Sheldon: Yes, first we have to decide if those lost six minutes will be coming out of game time, bathroom time or the pizza break.
Raj: We can split it two, two and two.
Howard: If were having anchovies on the pizza we cant take it out of bathroom time. (There is a knock on the door.)
Sheldon: Oh, what fresh hell is this?
Leonard (opening door): Hey Penny, come on in.
Penny: Hey guys. 
Howard: See a Penny, pick her up, and all the day youll have good luck.
Penny: No you wont. Uh, can I hide out here for a while.
Leonard: Sure. Whats going on.
Penny: Well, theres this girl I know from back in Nebraska, Christie, well anyway she called me up and shes like Hey, hows California, and Im like Awesome cos, you know, its not Nebraska, and the next thing I know shes invited herself out here to stay with me. 
Sheldon: 8:08.
Penny: Anyway, she got here today, and shes just been in my apartment, yakkety-yakking about every guy shes slept with in Omaha, which is basically every guy in Omaha, and washing the sluttiest collection of underwear you have ever seen in my bathroom sink.
Howard: Well, is she doing it one thong at a time, or does she just throw it all in, like some sort of erotic bouillabaisse.
Penny: He really needs to dial it down.
Leonard: So, if you dont like this Christie, why are you letting her stay? 
Penny: Well, she was engaged to my cousin while she was sleeping with my brother, so shes kind of family. 
Sheldon: You know, I apologise for my earlier outburst, who needs Halo when we can be regaled with the delightfully folksy tale of the whore of Omaha?
Leonard: Oh, I dont think shes a whore.
Penny: No, yeah shes definitely a whore. I mean, she has absolutely no standards, this one time, she was at wheres Howard?
Howard (voice off): Bonjour mademoiselle, I understand youre new in town. 
Sheldon: Oh good grief.
Credit Sequence
Scene: Penny, Sheldon, Raj and Leonard stand in the apartment doorway. Romantic music plays from Pennys apartment door. 
Penny: Ugh, I cannot believe Christie let Howard into my apartment. 
Sheldon: And I cannot believe people pay for horoscopes, but on a more serious note its 8:13 and were still not playing Halo. 
Leonard: Okay, fine, well just play one on one until he gets back. 
Sheldon: One on one? We dont play one on one, we play teams, not one on one. One on one!
Leonard: Well the only way we can play teams at this point is if we cut Raj in half.
Raj: Oh, sure, cut the foreigner in half, theres a billion more where he came from. 
Penny: Hey, if you guys need a fourth, Ill play.
Leonard: Great idea.
Sheldon: Uh, no. The wheel was a great idea. Relativity was a great idea. This is a notion, and a rather sucky one at that. 
Penny: Why?
Sheldon: Why? Oh, Penny, Penny, Penny.
Penny: Oh, what, what, what? 
Sheldon: This is a complex battle simulation with a steep learning curve, there are myriad weapons, vehicles and strategies to master, not to mention an extremely intricate back-story.
Penny (picking up a controller, there is the sound of an explosion from the television): Oh cool, whose head did I just blow off? 
Sheldon: Mine. 
Penny: Okay, I got this, lock and load boys. 
Leonard: Its the only way we can play teams. 
Sheldon: Yes, but whoevers her partner will be hamstrung by her lack of experience and not to mention that fact that sh. (another explosion)
Penny: Ha-ha, there goes your head again.
Sheldon: Okay, this isnt at all good sportsmanship to shoot somebody whos just respawned, you need to give them a chance to (explosion) now come on!
Time shift
Sheldon: Raj, Raj, shes got me cornered, cover me.
Penny: Cover this, suckers. Ha-ha-ha!
Leonard: Penny, you are on fire.
Penny: Yeah, so is Sheldon. 
Sheldon: Okay, thats it, I dont know how, but she is cheating. No-one can be that attractive and be this skilled at a video game. 
Penny: Wait, wait, Sheldon, come back, you forgot something. 
Sheldon: What?
Penny: This plasma grenade. (Explosion.) Ha! Look, its raining you! 
Sheldon: You laugh now, you just wait until you need tech support. 
Penny: Gosh, hes kind of a sore loser, isnt he?
Leonard: Well, to be fair, he is also a rather unpleasant winner. 
Penny: Well, its been fun.
Leonard: You know, Penny, we make such a good team, maybe we could enter a couple of Halo tournaments sometime.
Penny: Or we could just have a life. 
Leonard: I guess for you thats an option.
Penny: Good night, Leonard.
Leonard: Good night.
Penny: As usual, nice talking to you Raj (leaves.) 
Raj: What do you suppose she meant by that?
Leonard: Shes an enigma, Raj. 
Sheldon: And another thing, theres a certain ethic to the game, Penny, a well estab
Leonard: Shes gone, Sheldon. 
Sheldon: Well she could have said goodbye. 
Penny (entering again): Okay, I have a problem.
Sheldon: Its called carpal tunnel syndrome, and quite frankly you deserve it. 
Leonard: Whats wrong?
Penny: Um, well, Howard and Christie are kind of hooking up in my bedroom. 
Leonard: Are you sure?
Penny: Look, I grew up on a farm, okay, from what I heard theyre either having sex or Howards caught in a milking machine. Do you mind if I stay here tonight?
Leonard: No, take the couch, or my bed, I just got new pillows, hypo-allergenics. 
Penny: Uh, the couch is good.
Sheldon: Hold that thought, Leonard, a moment.
Leonard: Let me guess, you have a problem with this.
Sheldon: Where do I begin? 
Leonard: Its up to you, crazy persons choice. 
Sheldon: Well first, we dont have house guests, frankly if I could afford the rent Id ask you to leave. 
Leonard: Your friendship means a lot to me as well, what else? 
Sheldon: Well, our earthquake supplies, we have a two day, two man kit.
Leonard: So? 
Sheldon: So, if there is an earthquake and the three of us are trapped here, we could be out of food by tomorrow afternoon. 
Leonard: Im sorry, are you suggesting that if we let Penny stay we might succumb to cannibalism?
Sheldon: No-one ever thinks it will happen until it does. 
Leonard: Penny, if you promise not to chew the flesh off our bones while we sleep, you can stay. 
Penny: Hu.. what?
Sheldon: Hes engaging in reductio-ad-absurdum. Its the logical fallacy of extending someones argument to ridiculous proportions and then criticising the result, and I do not appreciate it. 
Leonard: Ill get you a blanket and a pillow. 
Sheldon: Okay, well since Im obviously being ignored here, lets go over the morning schedule, I use the bathroom from 7 to 7:20, plan your ablutions and bodily functions accordingly. 
Penny: How am I supposed to plan my bodily functions?
Sheldon: I suggest no liquids after 11pm. 
Leonard: Here you go.
Penny: Thanks Leonard. (Arranges pillows on left of couch.)
Sheldon: Hmmph, wrong. 
Penny: Im listening.
Sheldon: Your head goes on the other end.
Penny: Why? 
Sheldon: Its culturally universal, a bed, even a temporary bed, is always oriented with the headboard away from the door. It serves the ancient imperative of protecting oneself against marauders.
Penny: Ill risk it.
Sheldon: Hm! 
Penny: Anything else I should know.
Sheldon: Yes. If you use my toothbrush Ill jump out that window. Please dont come to my funeral. Have a good night. 
Leonard: Sorry about that.
Penny: Thats okay. 
Leonard: FYI, his toothbrush is the red one in the plexiglass case under the UV light. 
Penny: Got it.
Leonard: Well, sleep tight.
Penny: Thanks. 
Leonard: Funny expression, sleep tight. It refers to the early construction of beds which featured a mattress suspended on interlocking ropes which would occasionally sleep tight. 
(Penny turns off light and lies down on couch. Across the room, Raj is still in the kitchen, eating a sandwich. Realising everyone has forgotten about him, he quietly lets himself out. Penny hears the door close, looks worried, then moves her head to the other end of the couch.)
Scene: The following morning. Sheldon is in the kitchen making breakfast. He crosses to the couch, sees Penny sleeping there, looks lost. He is about to sit down on Penny when Leonard enters.
Leonard: What are you doing? 
Sheldon: Every Saturday since we have lived in this apartment, I have awakened at 6:15, poured myself a bowl of cereal, added a quarter cup of 2% milk, sat on this end of this couch, turned on BBC America and watched Doctor Who. 
Leonard: Pennys still sleeping.
Sheldon: Every Saturday since we have lived in this apartment, I have awakened at 6:15, poured myself a bowl of cereal.
Leonard: I know, I know, look, you have a TV in your room, why dont you just have breakfast in bed? 
Sheldon: Because I am neither an invalid nor a woman celebrating Mothers Day. 
Penny: Uh, what time is it?
Leonard: Almost 6:30. 
Penny: I slept all day?
Leonard: Oh, no, its 6:30 in the morning.
Penny: What the hell is your problem?
Sheldon: Okay, this cereal has lost all its molecular integrity, I now have a bowl of shredded wheat paste.
Howard (entering): Ola, nerd-migos. 
Penny: Why do you people hate sleep? Are you wearing my robe?
Howard: Oh, yeah, sorry, Ill have it cleaned.
Penny: Thats okay, keep it. Wheres Christie.
Howard: In the shower. Oh, by the way, where did you get that loofah mitt, yours reaches places that mine just wont.
Penny: Y-you used my loofah?
Howard: More precisely we used your loofah. I exfoliated her brains out! 
Penny: You can keep that too.
Howard: Ah, well then well probably need to talk about your stuffed bear collection.
Christie (voice off): Howard?
Howard: In here my lady.
Christie (entering): Mmmm, theres my little engine that could.
Howard: chka-chka-chka-chka-chka-chka-chka (they kiss).
Sheldon: Well theres one beloved childrens book Ill never read again.
Christie: Hi, Christie.
Leonard: Leonard. 
Sheldon: Im Sheldon.
Christie: Right, youre Howards entourage. 
Penny: Uh, so Christie, what are your plans?
Christie: Oh, well, Howard said hed take me shopping in Beverley Hills. 
Penny: Yeah, no, I meant plans to find some place to live. Other than with me, not that I dont love having you, but its a little crowded.
Leonard: Penny, youre always welcome to stay with us.
Sheldon: Oh, terrific, now were running a cute little B&B.
Howard: Let me offer a little outside the box thinking here, why doesnt Christie stay with me.
Leonard: For one thing you live with your mother.
Howard: I do not, my mother lives with me. 
Sheldon: Well then, its all settled, Christie will stay with Howard, Penny can go back to her apartment, and Ill watch the last 24 minutes of Doctor Who, although at this point its more like Doctor Why Bother. 
Leonard: Sheldon you just cant dictate
Sheldon: No more talking, everybody go. 
Howard: So, what do you say, you wanna repair to Castle Wolowitz? 
Christie: What is that, like a Mexican deli?
Howard: Im sorry, I should have mentioned this earlier, my last name is Wolowitz.
Christie: Oh, thats so cool. My first Jew!
Sheldon: I imagine there arent many kosher corn-huskers. 
Christie: But youre still taking me shopping, right?
Howard: Anything you want.
Christie: Okay, Ill go pack my stuff.
Howard: When they perfect human cloning Im going to order twelve of those.
Leonard: Howard, cant you see shes using you?
Howard: Who cares, last night she pulled off her blouse and I wept!
Penny: Look, Howard, I know her, okay, shell have sex with anyone as long as they keep buying her things. 
Howard: Really?
Penny: Yeah.
Howard: Yay! If youll excuse me, I have some Bar-Mizvah bonds to cash. 
Scene: A Chinese restaurant. 
Sheldon: Im sorry, we cannot do this without Wolowitz.
Leonard: We cant order Chinese food without Wolowitz?
Sheldon: Let me walk you through it, our standard is, the steamed dumpling appetizer, General Sos chicken, beef with broccoli, shrimp with lobster sauce and vegetable lo-main. Do you see the problem?
Leonard: I see a problem. 
Sheldon: Our entire order is predicated on four dumplings and four entrees divided among four people. 
Leonard: So, well just order three entrees.
Sheldon: Fine, what do you want to eliminate, and who gets the extra dumpling. 
Raj: We could cut it into thirds. 
Sheldon: Then it is no longer a dumpling, once you cut it open it is at best a very small open faced sandwich. 
Waiter: Hi fellas. Oh, wheres your annoying little friend who thinks he speaks Mandarin?
Sheldon: Hes putting his needs ahead of the collective good. (Pointing at waiter) Where he comes from, thats punishable by death.
Waiter: I come from Sacramento. 
Leonard: Can we get an order of dumplings, but with three instead of four.
Waiter: No substitutions.
Leonard: This isnt a substitution, its a reduction. 
Waiter: Okay, no reductions.
Leonard: Fine, bring us three orders of dumplings, thats twelve, well each have four. 
Raj: That works. 
Sheldon: No, if we fill up on dumplings well need to eliminate another entree. 
Waiter: No eliminations. 
Leonard: If we have extra, well just take the leftovers home.
Sheldon: And divide it how, Im telling you we cannot do this without Wolowitz. 
Leonard: Wolowitz is with his new girlfriend, if you had let me invite Penny then you would have had your fourth.
Sheldon: Have you seen Penny eat Chinese food, she uses a fork, and she double dips her egg rolls. 
Leonard: We dont order egg rolls.
Sheldon: Exactly, but wed have to if she was here.
Raj: Can we please make a decision, not only are there children starving in India, theres an Indian starving right here. 
Leonard: Heres an idea, why dont we just go out for Indian food.
Sheldon: No.
Raj: Uurgh.
Waiter: You are nice boys. Tell you what Im going to do. Im going to bring you the four dumplings. When Im walking over to the table, maybe I get bumped, one of the dumplings falls to the floor, no-one has to know. 
Sheldon: Ill know. 
Waiter: (wanders away cursing in Mandarin.)
Raj: How about soup?
Leonard: Yeah, we can always divide soup.
Sheldon: What about the won-tons?
Scene: Outside Pennys door. Leonard knocks. 
Penny (answering): Oh, hey guys, whats up?
Sheldon: Its Halo night.
Penny: Yeah. Okay. So?
Leonard: Well, with Wolowitz spending all of his time with your friend Christie, 
Penny: Shes not my friend. Friends do not get their friends care bears all sweaty. 
Leonard: Right, anyway, uh, with Wolowitz occupied elsewhere, we had something we wanted to ask you. Sheldon?
Sheldon: Yes. Penny, we would very much appreciate it if you would be the fourth member of our Halo team. I dont think I need to tell you what an honour this is. 
Penny: Oh, thats so sweet. But Im going out dancing with a girlfriend. 
Sheldon: You cant go out, its Halo night. 
Penny: Well, for Penny its dancing night. 
Sheldon: You go dancing every Wednesday.
Penny: No.
Sheldon: Then its not dancing night. 
Penny: Look, why dont I play with you guys tomorrow?
Sheldon: Tonight is Halo night, its like talking to a wall. 
Penny: Alright, now Sheldon, you and I are about to have a problem. 
Leonard: Sheldon, remember, we role-played this.
Sheldon: Yes, but you didnt portray her as completely irrational.
Penny: Alright fellas, I gotta go. Good luck. 
Leonard: Maybe we should have asked if we could go dancing with her and her girlfriend. 
Sheldon: Okay, assuming we could dance, which we cant, there are three of us and two of them.
Leonard: So?
Sheldon: Its the Chinese restaurant all over again. I assure you that cutting a dumpling in thirds is childs play compared with three men, each attempting to dance with 67% of a woman.
Leonard: Aaah, for Gods sake, Sheldon, you are driving me crazy. 
Sheldon: Your angers not with me, sir, but with basic mathematics.
Leonard: No, Im pretty sure my angers with you.
Raj: Whats happening to us? Were falling apart. 
Leonard: Who are you calling?
Sheldon: The only man who can restore any semblance of balance to our universe.
Howard (voice): Hi this is Howard Wolowitz.
Christie (voice): And this is Christie Van Der Bell. 
Howard (voice): We cant get to the phone right now because were having sex.
Christie (voice): Youre not going to put that on your message are you?
Howard (voice): No, Im just kidding, Ill re-record it. (beep)
Scene: Outside Howards house. 
Leonard: Sheldon, think this through, youre going to ask Howard to choose between sex and Halo.
Sheldon: No, Im going to ask him to choose between sex and Halo 3. As far as I know, sex has not been upgraded to include high-def graphics and enhanced weapon systems. 
Leonard: Youre right, all sex has is nudity, orgasms and human contact. 
Sheldon: My point.
Christie (voice from within): Im just saying, you can take the damned plastic off the couch once in a while.
Howards Mother (voice): Why, so you and Howard can hump on it? 
Howard (voice): Ladies, ladies, Im sure theres a middle ground.
Christie and Howards Mother together: Shut up Howard. 
Howard (voice): You girls talk, Im going to take my scooter out for a little spin. 
Christie (voice as Howard emerges through door): Are you happy, you drove your own son out of the house. 
Howards Mother (voice): Why dont you stop butting in where you dont belong.
Howard: What are you guys doing here? 
Sheldon: Its Halo night. 
Howards Mother (voice): Hes not a man, hes a putz, and dont you take that tone with me, you gold digger.
Christie (voice): What did you call me? 
Howards Mother (voice): You heard me, and Ill tell you something else, youre barking up the wrong tree, cos as long as youre around, Howard is out of the will.
Christie: (voice): You know what, I got better offers, Im out of here. 
Howards Mother (voice): Thats right, go back to Babylon, you whore. 
Howard: So, Halo night, huh? 
Raj: I thought she was the whore of Omaha?
Sheldon: Shhh! 
Scene: The apartment, Halo night. 
Howard: Sheldon, you got him in your sights, fire, hes charging his plasma rifle. 
Sheldon: I cant shoot now, Im cloaking.
Leonard: Now, Raj, kill Sheldon.
Raj: I cant see him.
Sheldon: Thats why the call it cloaking, dead man.
Leonard: Well then start throwing grenades.
Raj: Im all out. 
Penny (entering with three other sexy women): Hi guys, my friends and I got tired of dancing, so we came over to have sex with you. 
Leonard: That will do, Raj, straight for the tank.
Sheldon: We said no tanks.
Raj: There are no rules in hell! 
Howard: Son of a bitch, medpack, I need a medpack! 
Penny: Told yah! (They leave). 
Leonard: Theres a sniper, use your rocket launcher. 
Raj: All Ive got is a needler, and Im all out of ammo. 
Sheldon: And now youre out of life. Why did you hit pause?
Leonard: I thought I heard something. 
Raj: What?
Leonard: No, never mind, alright, go. 
