Scene: (After a previously on sequence) A coffee shop
Raj: So then I went to Cambridge, which was wonderful not only because its a good school but because it totally looks like Hogwarts. Thats where I fell in love with astronomy, and now Im an astrophysicist at Caltech, so I guess you could say, uh, Raj is my name and stars are my game. And rhyming is also my game. So, uh, two games. Uh, anyway, that, thats enough about me. I want to hear everything about you.
Girl: I have to go to the bathroom.
Raj: I go to the bathroom, too. Sometimes more frequently than I care to admit. Oh, Ive had it checked out, its nothing. Hmm. This is going great. Mmm, can I have a refill on my chai tea? Yes, I have a good feeling about this. (Girl can be seen sneaking past window and leaving) I should have bought condoms.
Credits sequence.
Scene: The apartment.
Sheldon: Hello, Im Dr. Sheldon Cooper. Welcome to Sheldon Cooper Presents Fun with Flags. My apologies that this episode is coming late. I did shoot one last week, in honour of Black History Month, but I was informed by my roommate that my spot-on portrayal of George Washington Carver could be considered wildly racist. My heart goes out to the members of the African-American community, who, like me, have been kept down by The Man. Now, Fun with Flags is not just for the flag aficionado, its also for the flag novice, so, to help me with that, please welcome my friend, neighbour, and flag virgin, yeah, not a real virgin. Shes had coitus many times. Sometimes within earshot of this flag enthusiast. Once while he was trying to watch The Incredibles. Penny.
Penny: Hello.
Sheldon: So, Penny, I understand you would like to learn more about flags.
Penny: Yeah, I cant tell you how many times Ive been at a party where everyones talking about flags and I just couldnt join in.
Sheldon: Yeah. Well, you came to the right place.
Penny: Uh, Im sorry, can we just pause for a minute?
Sheldon: Whats wrong?
Penny: I just think it might look more natural if you talked to me instead of the camera, you know, like, like a real conversation. Its something we work on in my acting class.
Sheldon: Interesting. A few people in the comments section have said that my delivery is robotic. Perhaps that isnt the compliment it sounds like.
Penny: Yeah, lets try it again, and maybe, this time, you could work on your body language a bit. You know, when youre all hunched like that, youre shutting the audience out, but when youre relaxed and open, youre inviting them in.
Sheldon: Right. And which one do I want?
Penny: Lets try open.
Sheldon: If our friend, the flag, has taught me anything, its to go where the wind takes you. As long as you remain firmly attached to a rigid pole. And, action. So, Penny, what sort of flag questions keep you awake at night?
Penny: Um, well, Im from Nebraska. So what can you tell me about the state flag?
Sheldon: Gosh, Penny, whatd you have for breakfast? A big glass of good question juice? The Nebraska state flag is simply the state seal on a field of blue. Spread your legs, invite them in.
Scene: Outside Rajs apartment.
Howard: Im telling you, somethings wrong. I can always feel it when Raj is in trouble.
Bernadette: Geez, how close were you guys before we got married?
Leonard: Dont look under that rock. (Knocking) Raj, you okay?
Howard: You in there?
Raj (off): Go away!
Leonard: Come on, buddy, open up.
Howard: Were worried about you.
Raj (off): Oh, just because Ive stopped going to work and answering my phone you think something bad happened? Maybe something good happened.
Bernadette: Did something good happen?
Raj (off): Of course not. Nothing good ever happens. (Opens door. He is wearing a stained vest, his hair is unkempt, and he is drinking wine from a bottle.)
Leonard: Whoa.
Raj: What?
Leonard: Nope, just, just, whoa.
Bernadette: It smells pretty ripe in here. You kind feel it in your eyes.
Leonard: Raj, whats going on?
Raj: I was humiliated by yet another woman.
Howard: You didnt kill her and chop her up, thats not what were smelling, right?
Raj: No. I took her for coffee, and she snuck out the bathroom window to get away from me.
Bernadette: Oh, you poor baby.
Raj: I went and looked. It was a high and tiny window. She must have been very motivated.
Howard: Im sorry. Thats awful, but come on, you got to shake it off.
Leonard: Yeah, you cant stay in your apartment for the rest of your life.
Raj: Why not? With online shopping and overnight delivery, I can get anything I want. Look, I just ordered a case of Dinty Moore beef stew and two live lobsters on Amazon.
Leonard: Lobsters overnight?
Howard: Oh, youre kidding. Let me see. Well, Ill be. Look, you can throw in a couple steaks and have a surf and turf.
Leonard: The surf and turf sounds good. See if they have corn on the cob.
Bernadette: Guys, were trying to get him out of here, not you in.
Raj: Youre wasting your time. Just please, leave me alone.
Howard: Now what?
Leonard: I dont know.
Bernadette: We could go to Red Lobster and talk about it. Were all thinking it. I just had the decency to wait for him to leave.
Scene: The apartment.
Amy (on webcam): Hello, Sheldon.
Sheldon: Hello. Hows the final stage of your nicotine addiction study going?
Amy: Fine. Just hold on. Mommys on the phone! Sorry. Weve cut the monkeys down to one cigarette a day, so things are a little intense. Makes me miss my marijuana-abusing flatworms. Those guys were mellow.
Sheldon: Good news. Uh, the latest episode of Fun with Flags is online.
Amy: Oh, thats right. Howd it go with Penny?
Sheldon: Much better than I expected. She even gave me some helpful tips about acting and body language. Watch. Welcome to my world. Not welcome to my world. Welcome. Not welcome.
Amy: Subtle, but powerful.
Sheldon: I know. Im still learning to control it.
Amy: Did you tell Penny how helpful she was?
Sheldon: Why would I do that?
Amy: Because shes your friend, and she did a nice job. Im sure shed like to hear it.
Sheldon: All right.
Amy: I didnt mean now. Hello? Yeah, yeah, you want a cigarette. Well, Id like a normal boyfriend. Deal with it.
Scene: Pennys apartment.
Penny: Oh, hi. Whats up?
Sheldon: Um
Penny: You need me to shut the door so you can do your knocking thing?
Sheldon: No. I didnt start yet, its fine.
Penny: Okay. So, what do you need?
Sheldon: Well, I was thinking about you helping me out last night (knock, knock, knock) Penny. And I just wanted to tell you (knock, knock, knock) Penny, that the answer to the question, who did a great job? is you, (knock, knock, knock) Penny.
Penny: Really?
Sheldon: Yes, you were very natural in front of the camera, and I found your suggestions extremely helpful.
Penny: Aw, sweetie, you just made my day.
Sheldon: Okay.
Penny: Hey, my acting class is putting on a play Friday night. I could put you and Amy on the guest list.
Sheldon: Oh, that sounds terrible. Why would I want to do that?
Scene: The apartment.
Amy (on webcam): Thats right. Theyre no good without the lighter.
Sheldon: Well, so much for your advice on complimenting Penny.
Amy: Why? What happened?
Sheldon: She tried to rope us into going to her acting class to see a play. Dont worry. Luckily, I had the good sense to drown that kitten in the river.
Amy: Sheldon, thats very rude. She helped you with your show. The right thing to do is reciprocate by going to see her play.
Sheldon: Oh, so many crazy rules.
Amy: That better be Tootsie Rolls youre throwing at me!
Scene: Pennys apartment.
Sheldon: (Knock, knock, knock) Penny. (Knock, knock, knock) Penny. (Knock, knock, knock) Penny. Oh yeah, much better.
Penny: What?
Sheldon: Amy pointed out to me that since you did something nice for me, Im obligated to do something nice for you. So, yes, Ill go to your dopey play.
Penny: Hey, I dont want you to go any more.
Sheldon: Why not?
Penny: You should go cause you want to go, not because you have to.
Sheldon: Oh, Dear Lord, more rules? Where does it stop? Can I want to go because I have to want to go?
Penny: Okay. Do whatever you want.
Sheldon: Yeah, but now, wait. Do whatever I want? Or whatever I have to want?
Penny: Oh, for Gods sake, just come to the play.
Sheldon: All right. I dont want to, but at least that makes sense.
Scene: The comic book store.
Sheldon: You know, I havent seen Raj in several days. Is he no longer a part of our social group? And if so, should we be interviewing for a replacement? Perhaps, this time, we go Latin.
Howard: Hes just decided hes never leaving his apartment again.
Sheldon: Oh, brilliant. Ive been itching to pull that trigger.
Howard: Hes upset because he cant get anywhere with women.
Sheldon: Would it help if I gave him some pointers? Im just funnin ya.
Girl: Hi. I dont know if you remember me, but I was here the other night at your party.
Stuart: Oh, yeah, you left with Raj.
Girl: Uh, yeah.
Howard: Youre the one? Okay, let me tell you something. That guy you blew off happens to be my best friend. Okay? He was devastated.
Girl: Sorry. Can you just give him this?
Howard: Okay. But I gotta warn you, Raj is a proud, passionate man. If you go running out on him again, youre only gonna get, like, three or four more chances before you are history.
Scene: Rajs apartment.
Howard: Come on, she came back. This is good news. You should celebrate.
Raj: I dont want to celebrate.
Howard: Not even a little? I mean, we could have a pants party. Go put some on.
Raj: Why would I want her number? I dont want anything to do with this woman.
Howard: Oh, come on, Raj.
Raj: No, you dont get it. I want nothing to do with any woman. My heart is stone. From now on, Im a monk. I renounce all worldly pleasures. Except for lobster. And garlic butter.
Howard: Boy, I want to tell you its her loss, but you are not making it easy.
Raj: Youre, youre a good friend for trying to help, but, Ive made my choice.
Howard: All right. Well, Ill see you around.
Raj: See you. No, wait, take her number. I dont want the temptation.
Howard: Okay.
Raj: I must be strong so I dont stray from my true purpose, the study of the universe.
Howard: All right. Thanks for ruining lobster for me.
Scene: Outside on the street.
Raj: Wait! Give me the number! Give me the number! Give me the number!
Scene: The apartment.
Leonard: So, Amy, whats going on with your addiction study?
Amy: Sadly, Im no longer associated with that project.
Leonard: Why? What happened?
Amy: Typical bureaucratic nonsense. You can get animals addicted to a harmful substance, you can dissect their brains, but you throw their own faeces back at them and suddenly youre unprofessional.
Leonard: Im sorry. That I asked.
Sheldon: All right, lets get this stupid play over with.
Leonard: Uh, hang on. Empty your pockets.
Sheldon: Why?
Leonard: You know why. The Nintendo DS. And the PSP. Now the Gameboy.
Sheldon: Aw, for Petes sake. Can we go now?
Leonard: Well, is that all of it? (Pulls a Rubiks cube from his pants.) Just set it down.
Amy: Just so you know, this is not a stupid play. A Streetcar Named Desire is an American classic.
Sheldon: Its about streetcars? Oh, great. I wont need this. (Pulls out an etch-a-sketch.)
Scene: Outside Rajs apartment. The girl from the comic book store knocks on the door.
Raj: Just a sec. Oh, who says just a sec? I hate myself. Hello.
Girl: Hi.
Raj: Uh, would you like to come in?
Girl: Oh, no, I cant stay.
Raj: Oh.
Girl: I just wanted to say, Im sorry for running out of the coffee shop. That wasnt cool. So, uh, yeah. Im sorry.
Raj: Wait. Can you at least tell me what went wrong? Its okay. I can take anything. Unless its something I did, or said, or am. Cause those are, like, my buttons.
Girl: No, its not any of that. Its just, I kind of have a hard time around people I dont know.
Raj: Really? Then what were you doing at the comic book store that night?
Girl: Ive been trying to force myself into situations that Im not comfortable with. I saw the flyer in the store window, and I made myself go in. I dont even like comic books.
Raj: Yeah, me neither.
Girl: Then what were you doing there?
Raj: I lied. I love them. I only said that so youd go out with me.
Girl: Oh, you dont want to do that. Im kind of broken.
Raj: Thats great. Im broken, too.
Girl: Oh, no, youre not.
Raj: Oh, I totally am. If it wasnt for this beer, I couldnt even talk to you right now. Im a wreck. There are many things seriously wrong with me. And not quirks, either. Like, diagnosable psychological problems. Maybe brain damage.
Girl: Well, how do I know youre not just saying that?
Raj: Go out with me on one date, and I promise you, youll see.
Girl: Okay. Text me. Bye.
Raj: You wont regret it. Im the most pathetic guy youve ever met. And that, boys and girls, is how its done.
Scene: The theatre.
Penny (as Blanche DuBois) : You love her very much, dont you?
Actor (as Mitch): Yes.
Penny: I think you have a great capacity for devotion. Youll be lonely when she passes on, wont you? I understand what that is.
Actor: To be lonely?
Leonard: Shes pretty good, huh?
Sheldon: She is. But when do they get to the part about streetcars?
Penny (as Blanche): when I was a very young girl. When I was 16 years old, I made the discovery, love. All at once, and much, much too completely. It was like you suddenly turned a blinding light on something that had always been half a shadow. Thats how it struck the world for me. But I was unlucky. Deluded.
Sheldon: Shes remarkable.
Leonard: She really is.
Amy: Our Pennys a star.
Sheldon: How can she remember all those lines, but as a waitress, she cant remember no tomato on my hamburger?
