Scene: The university cafeteria. 
Howard: Gagh!
Leonard: Problem?
Howard: This is the worst cobbler Ive ever eaten. I mean it tastes like it was made of actual ground-up shoemaker.
Sheldon: Amusing. A play on the two meanings of cobbler.
Raj: Hey guys, guess who I found at LAX. My baby sister Priya.
Sheldon: Excuse me. I object. You propose a guessing game, yet you dont give me enough time to guess. For the record, I was going to say your sister Priya.
Priya: Oh, Sheldon. You havent changed a bit, have you?
Sheldon: Why would I change?
Leonard: The hope has been that youd eventually bend to public opinion. So, Priya, what brings you back to LA?
Priya: I have a one day layover on my way to Toronto. Corporate merger.
Raj: Can you believe it? Little Priyas one of the lead attorneys for the biggest car company in India.
Sheldon: Given that when we met her she was finishing law school and planning an internship at a large Indian car company, its actually extremely plausible.
Leonard: And your poll numbers just keep dropping.
Priya: I want to catch up with all of you, but first I really must visit the loo.
Leonard: Im going too, Ill show you where it is.
Raj: Alright, this goes without saying, but Im just going to say it anyway. Hands off my sister.
Sheldon: Why would I touch her, shes covered with airplane germs.
Raj: Im so not talking to you. Im talking to him.
Howard: Hey, Ive got a girlfriend now.
Raj: Oh please. My sisters much hotter than your girlfriend and you know it.
Howard: Lets just agree theyre both hot.
Raj: Dude, thats my sister youre talking about.
Howard: Okay, forget whos hotter. The first time Priya came to LA, Leonard and I made a pact out of respect to our friendship, and to you, that neither of us would hit on her.
Raj: Did you pinky swear?
Howard: Yes.
Raj: Okay then.
Sheldon: Cobbler. Im still laughing.
Scene: A corridor.
 
Priya: Its really nice to see you again Leonard.
Leonard: Yeah. Its good to see you too. Here you go.
Priya: Thanks. (Grabs him and kisses him.) 
Leonard: Whoa-whoa-whoa-whoa-whoa. (Looks around.) Okay.
Credits sequence.
 
Scene: The cafeteria.
 
Howard: So, you got any special plans with your sister?
Raj: Oh, not really, just hang out.
Sheldon: I always tell people, if you have only one day in Los Angeles, make it a train day.
Raj: Train day?
Sheldon: The fun starts with brunch at Carneys in Studio City, a hot dog stand in a converted railroad dining car. Next stop, Travel Town, an outdoor museum featuring 43 railroad engines, cars and other rolling stock from the 1880s to the 1930s. Finally, were off to the glitz and glamour of Hollywood for dinner at, thats right, the Hollywood Carneys, a hot dog stand in a different converted railroad dining car.
Raj: I dont think were going to do that.
Sheldon: Well then apparently, you hate fun.
Leonard: Hmm, Priyas not back yet? Well, I guess thats not unusual, women, men, the whole sitting, standing deal, so, what are we talking about?
Raj: Uh, my plans with Priya.
Sheldon: He rejected train day.
Leonard: Did you make it clear that its two different train cars turned into hot dog stands?
Sheldon: Abundantly.
Leonard: I guess he just hates fun.
Sheldon: Thats what I said.
Priya: Okay, so, whats new with you guys.
Howard: I have a girlfriend now.
Priya: Hey, good for you.
Howard: Yeah, I just wanna put it out there in case I inadvertently squirt any pheromones in your direction. Happy? (Raj nods). 
 
Leonard: So, uh, Priya, what are your plans while youre here.
Priya: I dont know, I just have the one day.
Sheldon: Do you like trains?
Priya: Not particularly.
Sheldon: You might as well just wait at the airport for your flight.
Scene: The apartment. Sheldon is on his laptop.
 
Sheldon: You are in a forest. There is quicksand to the west, a path leads to the east. Go east. An iron gate blocks your way. Open gate. Its locked. Hmm, well, so much for that.
Leonard: Its getting pretty late, how come youre still up?
Sheldon: Ive found an emulator online that lets you play classic text based computer games from the 1980s.
Leonard: Thats pretty cool.
Sheldon: Oh yes. It runs on the worlds most powerful graphics chip, imagination.
Leonard: Youve really got to get out more.
Sheldon: Go north. You cant go that way. Go west. A troll blocks your passage. Okay, fasten your seatbelts, kill troll. With what? With sword. (There is a knock on the door.) You dont have the sword. Good golly, its as if its actually happening to me.
Priya (at door): Raj finally went to bed.
Leonard: Yeah, well, (kissing her) Sheldons still up.
Priya: You said he goes to bed at nine.
Leonard: Yeah, he does but he got caught up in a computer game and
Sheldon: Hit troll with axe. Hit troll with axe. Hit troll with axe. Oh my, this is one tough troll.
Priya: Cant you get rid of him?
Leonard: If the past is any indication, no.
Sheldon: Leonard, Im trapped in quicksand, the axe is dragging me down.
Leonard: Drop axe.
Sheldon: Drop axe. Brilliant.
Leonard: Give me a minute. Sheldon,
Sheldon: Hold on. I have to figure out how to get the bucket, so I can carry the mud past the dragon.
Leonard: Sheldon, you need to work in the morning.
Sheldon: I know.
Leonard: Well then, bed mister.
Sheldon: Five more minutes.
Leonard: Really? Youre going to risk getting sleepy in the middle of your thermodynamic fluctuations seminar? You know what happens when you yawn in public.
Sheldon: Everyone will see my oddly shaped uvula.
Leonard: You dont want that, do you?
Sheldon: No. But its a shame our society mocks the differently uvulated. Who was at the door?
Leonard: Oh, uh, building manager. They have to fix a pipe so the water will be off tomorrow from noon to two.
Sheldon: Thats unacceptable. Were supposed to be given written notice.
Leonard: No, no, it doesnt matter, well be at work.
Sheldon: Well, what if I spill tomato soup on my shirt and have to come home to change, only to find theres no water for an enzyme soak.
Leonard: Bifurcated uvula, Sheldon!
Sheldon: Ill have the chicken noodle. Goodnight.
Leonard (to Priya): Were going to have to be very quiet.
Sheldon: I know how to get the bucket! I can turn the axe around and use the handle to reach it. Lets see. Go north. You are in a forest. Go north. You are in a forest. Go north. You are in a forest. Oh dear, I believe Im lost. Well, Ill just have to get a fresh start tomorrow.
Leonard: No, no, no, no, no. You just need, you just need, you just need to map it out. Come on, Ill help you. So, uh, you stopped at the stream and you turned north three times?
Sheldon: Yes.
Leonard: Youre right, youre lost, good luck.
Scene: Leonards bedroom. Morning. 
 
Priya: Oh! Leonard, wake up.
Leonard: Huh! Sorry!
Priya: For what?
Leonard: I dont know. When Im in bed with a girl, its just, its my go to response.
Priya: Its six o clock, I have to get back to Rajs before he wakes up and realises Im gone.
Leonard: Oh, right, sure. I wish you could stay in LA a while longer.
Priya: Mmm. Me too.
Leonard: You know, I was thinking, there are some great research facilities in India.
Priya: Where are you going with this, Leonard?
Leonard: Well, Im just saying, I dont have any real ties here, so if I were to move to New Delhi we could, you know, go out.
Priya: Leonard, didnt we have this conversation five years ago.
Leonard: Well, yes, but, things have changed, you know, youre older, Im older. Look, no more superhero bedsheets.
Priya: Sweetheart, just because we have fun when I come to town doesnt mean I want to have a serious relationship.
Leonard: It doesnt?
Priya: Mm-mm. And besides, I could never bring a white boy home to my parents. Theyd have a cow. Which is a much bigger deal in India.
Leonard: Im not that white. My great-great grandmother was half Cherokee. I know thats not the right kind of Indian but it is something.
Priya: Aha, youre funny.
Sheldon: (Knock, knock, knock) Leonard. (Knock, knock, knock) Leonard. (Knock, knock, knock) Leonard.
Leonard: What?
Sheldon: I heard a woman laughing.
Leonard: Oh, uh, yeah, I was trying to see if I could laugh as a woman.
Sheldon: Oh. Well, good job, quite convincing. I smell perfume.
Leonard: Air freshener.
Sheldon: And is that lipstick on your cheek and neck.
Leonard: Uh, rash, thats a bad rash.
Sheldon: My sympathies. I am no stranger to the crimson scourge that is dermatitis. Can I interest you in a topical steroid from my lotion and unguent collection?
Leonard: Uh, yeah, yeah, that sounds great.
Sheldon: Very well, Im sure I can find something that will help you ditch that itch.
Leonard: Okay, hes in the bathroom, lets go.
Sheldon: Do you prefer ointment or cream?
Leonard: Uh, cream.
Sheldon: With or without a numbing agent?
Leonard: Without.
Sheldon: Really? Leonard, there are no heroes when it comes to dermatitis.
Leonard: Fine. With.
Sheldon: Prescription or non-prescription strength.
Leonard: Use your best judgement.
Sheldon: Well, I think I have a nice 2009 AnaMantle HC. Its usually indicated for acutely inflamed haemorrhoids, but it also goes nicely with non mucosal body parts.
Leonard: Sounds great.
Sheldon: Excellent choice.
Leonard (whispering): Right, right, alright. (They creep almost to the apartment door.)
 
Sheldon: Priya?
Priya: Good morning, Sheldon.
Sheldon: For shame, Leonard. For shame. And to think I was ready to waste the last of my good haemorrhoid cream on you.
Scene: Leonards car. 
 
Leonard: Making pretty good time, huh?
Sheldon: Is that really what you want to talk about, Leonard?
Leonard: No.
Sheldon: What do you want to talk about?
Leonard: Please dont tell anyone I spent the night with Rajs sister.
Sheldon: There it is. What if someone asks?
Leonard: No-ones going to ask if I spent the night with Rajs sister.
Sheldon: Perhaps. But they might ask me something else.
Leonard: Like what?
Sheldon: Like, has Leonard betrayed any of his friends recently?
Leonard: Priya and I are both adults. We didnt betray Raj.
Sheldon: In fact, you did, but I was referring to Howard.
Leonard: What are you talking about?
Sheldon: April 12th, 2005, Bobs Big Boy, Toluca Lake. Raj had just introduced us to Priya for the first time, and she was enjoying the sweet taste of Hindu rebellion in the form of a Bobs Super Big Boy hamburger. In order to preserve your friendship, you and Howard made a pinky swear that neither of you would attempt to woo her. I had a patty melt.
Leonard: Okay, fine, I betrayed Howard.
Sheldon: And Raj.
Leonard: Alright, and Raj.
Sheldon: And me.
Leonard: You?
Sheldon: Violation of the roommate agreement, overnight guest notification clause.
Leonard: Okay fine, Im, Im a horrible human being, Im the Darth Vader of Pasadena.
Sheldon: Youre far too short to be Darth Vader. At best you might be a turncoat Ewok.
Leonard: My point is, Priyas gone. And it would be much better if no-one else found out about this.
Sheldon: You mean, you want me to keep a secret.
Leonard: Yes.
Sheldon: You know I cant keep a secret.
Leonard: You can if you try. Think about it this way, if I were Batman and you were Alfred, youd keep that secret. Right?
Sheldon: Why do you get to be Batman?
Leonard: Because, well, Batman has the secret.
Sheldon: Well Alfred has secrets too.
Leonard: Like what?
Sheldon: Alfred knows that Barbara Gordon is Batgirl. Which Ive now just told to Batman. See, I cant keep a secret.
Scene: Leonards lab.
 
Sheldon: Ta-da!
Leonard: What.
Sheldon: Ta-da. Its short for da-da-da-da!
Leonard: Kind of busy here, Sheldon.
Sheldon: I know, thats why I shortened it.
Leonard: What do you want.
Sheldon: I came to go over your alibi for last night.
Leonard: What alibi?
Sheldon: Youve asked me to lie on your behalf, and as you know, I am deeply uncomfortable with impromptu dishonest, so Ive provided you with an iron clad alibi. You couldnt have spent last night with Priya, because you were with another woman.
Leonard: Oh, Im so sure Im going to regret this, but, who was I with?
Sheldon: The fun loving, and morally loose, Miss Maggie McGeary.
Leonard: Oh, God.
Sheldon: You met her at Pasadenas most popular Irish watering hole, Lucky Baldwins, where Maggie spends her nights tending bar, with a head full of curls and a heart full of dreams.
Leonard (reading a napkin Sheldon has handed him): Leonard, call me if youre interested in coitus. Sincerely, Maggie McGeary.
Sheldon: And if anyone were to actually call that number they will hear this.
Mechanical voice on Sheldons phone: Top of the morning to you. Youve reached Maggie McGeary. Leave a message after the wee little beep.
Sheldon: Its pretty convincing, huh? And it wasnt even a real person. And here is the clincher. A lock of Maggies flaming auburn hair.
Leonard: Where did you get that?
Sheldon: From an orang-u-tan in the primate lab.
Leonard: An orang-u-tan?
Sheldon: Well, no-ones going to run a DNA test on it, Leonard, honestly you over-think everything.
Leonard: Sheldon, I dont need an alibi. Nobodys going to ask about last night as long as you just zip your lip. (Sheldon makes lip zipping movement.) Thankyou. Now dont worry, everything is going to be fine. (Sheldon writes I doubt it on Leonards whiteboard.
 
Scene: The cafeteria.
 
Leonard: Hey.
Raj: Hey, Leonard, will you please tell Howard my sisters never been attracted to him.
Leonard: Cmon Raj, how am I supposed to know who shes attracted to. Or was attracted to. Or who she might be attracted to. In the future.
Sheldon: And I have nothing to contribute to this conversation. Because I too know absolutely nothing about Priyas preferences in male companionship. And with that, I will re-zip my lip.
Raj: Hey, so what did you guys think of the new episode of Caprica last night?
Leonard: I didnt see it.
Howard: Didnt see it? What were you doing?
Leonard: Uh, I was out.
Raj: On Caprica night?
Leonard: Yeah, I, uh, went for a drink.
Howard: Really, you, and where, where did you go?
Leonard: To, uh, Lucky Baldwins.
Sheldon: Oh, Ive heard of that place, isnt that Pasadenas favourite Irish watering hole.
Leonard: Yes.
Sheldon: Did you meet anyone interesting there, perhaps a promiscuous redheaded barmaid?
Leonard: As a matter of fact I.. I I cant I cant I cant do it.
Sheldon: Sure you can, youre doing fine, its very believable.
Leonard: Look, Im sorry Raj, but the truth is I was with Priya last night.
Sheldon: Dont listen to him, hes still light headed from all the Irish whiskey and pickled eggs in his system.
Raj: What were you doing with Priya?
Sheldon: I believe they engaged in coitus but, more importantly, if Leonard had not abandoned his story, would you have found it plausible?
Raj: What? You slept with my sister?
Leonard: Yeah.
Howard: How could you? We had a pact!
Raj: Excuse me, I think how could you shes my sister takes precedence over a five year old pinky swear!
Sheldon: May I point out, in a parallel universe, your friends are saying Maggie McGeary, she sounds lovely.
Leonard: Look, I admit it, I may have crossed a line here, but come on, Raj, your sister is a grown woman. To her, Im a forbidden piece of white chocolate.
Raj: I I dont believe it, this is a terrible betrayal of my trust.
Leonard: No, no, no, would it help if I told you that I offered her my heart and she kind of stomped on it.
Raj: How hard did she stomp?
Leonard: Very hard.
Raj: Okay, Im good.
Howard: Yeah, well, Raj, I just want to say that Id never betray your trust. Unlike Leonard, I respect you.
Leonard: Really?
Howard: Mmm.
Leonard: Was it out of respect that you didnt tell Raj about the time you dropped his iPhone in a urinal?
Raj: Dude! I put that thing on my face!
Sheldon: I think a more amusing violation of Rajs trust is when Howard convinced him that foreigners give presents to Americans on Thanksgiving.
Howard: Hey, I didnt see you giving back your Snoopy snowcone maker.
Raj: That was all a lie? This years gifts are already wrapped!
Howard: And as long as were talking about betraying our friends, how about the month Sheldon spent grinding up insects and mixing them into Leonards food.
Sheldon: Well, excuse me. That was not a betrayal, that was an experiment to determine at what concentration food starts tasting mothy.
Leonard: You put moths in my food?
Sheldon: For science.
Raj: I cant believe you kissed my sister with moth mouth.
Leonard: Well, uh, I cant believe you used Sheldons toothbrush.
Sheldon: You used my toothbrush?
Raj: Not the brush part, just the little rubber thing to pick food from my teeth and massage my gums.
Leonard: Okay, I, I, I think its safe to say that weve all done some things were not particularly proud of. But come on, were friends. Friends overlook each others minor lapses. For the record, Howard, Im sorry that I broke our pact.
Howard: Thankyou, and Im sorry about your phone. And Thanksgiving. And while were at it, you dont have to wash our clothes on the fourth of July.
Raj: As long as were apologising, Sheldon, I, Im sorry I used your toothbrush.
Sheldon: And Im sorry. But that behaviour is beyond the pale and cannot be tolerated. We are no longer friends.
Raj: I got you a talking Thomas the Tank Engine for Thanksgiving.
Sheldon: With real puffing smoke?
Raj: Yes.
Sheldon: Alright. But Im watching you.
Scene: The apartment. Sheldon is making snowcones.
 
Leonard: Hey, you got Snoopy out. Can I have a snowcone?
Sheldon: Well, sure.
Leonard: These are pretty god, what flavour is this?
Sheldon: Guess.
Leonard: Papaya?
Sheldon: No.
Leonard: Guava?
Sheldon: Youre so close.
Leonard: I give up.
Sheldon: Mango, caterpillar. What are you doing? You said you liked it!
