Scene: The cafeteria.
Leonard: Oh, hey, oh, we ran into your mom at Benihana last night.
Howard: Oh, yeah, she loves that place. Every time they flip a shrimp in the air, she practically leaps out of her seat to catch it. Thats why I dont take her to SeaWorld.
Leonard: I know you-you dont want to hear it, but she was there with Stuart.
Howard: Thats fine. I dont care.
Rajj: It doesnt bug you when they go out on dates?
Howard: Theyre not dating. Theyre just two friends who went out to dinner.
Raj: And then went back to the home they share where they probably fell asleep in the matching pajamas she got them because they both just love penguins.
Howard: Hey, lots of people wear matching pajamas who arent dating.
Raj: Like who?
Howard: Like you and your dog.
Leonard: Dont rule out the dating.
Howard: Fine, it bothers me. You happy?
Sheldon: You think youve got problems. The gibbon is the only member of the ape family not classified as a great ape.
Howard: How is this helpful?
Sheldon: All the non-human apes are classified as great apes except one. That means taxonomists created the entire category of lesser ape just to single out the poor gibbon as the weird kid on the playground. Now theres a hairy little fellow with a genuine beef.
Leonard: But the gibbon doesnt know what its categorized as. It doesnt even know its called a gibbon.
Sheldon: True. Sorry, kid, youve got it worse than a gibbon.
Credits sequence.
Scene: Pennys Apartment. 
Amy: Hi.
Penny: Hey.
Bernadette: We brought snacks for movie night.
Penny: Oh, great. I dont suppose you also brought napkins, clean bowls, utensils and a roll of toilet paper.
Bernadette: Right here.
Penny: Ah, You guys are the best.
Amy: Whats with the clothes?
Penny: Well, with all the new stuff I bought for work, I needed to make room in my closet.
Amy: I meant why are they folded? But whatever. Ooh, whats this?
Penny: That, believe it or not, is my prom dress.
Bernadette: Wow, you still have it? I just assumed it was balled up in the corner of a barn somewhere.
Penny: What kind of teenager did you think I was?
Bernadette: Slutty.
Amy: Easy.
Penny: The word is popular.
Bernadette: How was your prom? Did you go?
Amy: No, but I was on clean-up crew.
Penny: Aw, thats sad.
Amy: No, it was okay. The DJ let me dance one slow song with my mop before he shut down. Whenever I see a bucket of dirty water, I still hear Lady in Red.
Bernadette: My prom was pretty terrible, too. I was so excited about my date, but it turned out he only asked me cause he liked my friend. He spent the whole night talking about her.
Amy: Okay, we get it, you had a friend and a date. Stop bragging.
Penny: Doesnt matter. Prom is silly anyways.
Bernadette: Easy for you to say; you probably went with the captain of the football team.
Penny: No. I just made out with him a little while his date was puking.
Amy: My date wouldve had to clean that up.
Bernadette: Ooh, I have an idea. Maybe we can have, like, a prom do-over.
Amy: Oh, that would be so much fun. We could decorate the roof and make the guys wear tuxedos.
Bernadette: Ooh, and get our hair done, and slow-dance.
Penny: Okay, guys, trust me, as someone whos been to, like, seven proms, it is never as good as you want it to be.
Amy: You went to seven proms?
Penny: Yeah, lets see. Uh, four Under the Seas, two Enchanted Evenings, and one Night to Remember that I cannot remember for the life of me.
Scene: The apartment.
Howard: Hey.
Raj: Hey.
Leonard: Hey, wheres Bernadette?
Howard: She and Amy are out dress shopping for their prom thing.
Raj: Oh, yeah, I got that Evite. Ever since I saw Pretty in Pink, Ive wanted to go to an American prom. But then I saw Carrie, and I did not want to go to an American prom. But then I saw Never Been Kissed, and Im back on the prom bandwagon. This prom things been a real roller coaster.
Howard: Bernies really excited. I could tell because her voice got so high, the beagle next door started howling.
Raj: Did you go to your prom?
Sheldon: No. I had a date with a proper education. Instead of a tuxedo, I dressed myself in good habits. Instead of spiked punch, I enjoyed the intoxicating flavour of knowledge. Instead of dancing in a gym, I shook my bootyto the seductive rhythms
Penny: Okay, okay.
Shldon: of AP Calculus.
Raj: How come youre not shopping with Amy and Bernadette?
Leonard: Let me guess, you think the whole idea is lame?
Penny: Well, who cares what I think? What do you think?
Leonard: Hmm, to be honest, its kind of a dream come true to go to even a fake prom with a woman as beautiful as you.
Penny: Ugh, thanks a lot.
Leonard: What?
Penny: Well, now I cant blow this thing off without being a bitch.
Raj: That sounds like a yes.
Scene: Howard and Bernadettes apartment.
Bernadette: Ooh, every single person RSVPd yes. This is so exciting. Isnt this exciting?
Howard: Yep.
Bernadette: Look, even Stuarts bringing a date. I wonder who it is.
Howard: You know exactly who it is. Hes gonna bring my mom. Why did you even invite him?
Bernadette: Because hes our friend, and you two need to get along. And why cant he take your mom? You took her to your prom.
Howard: I didnt take her, she was a chaperone.
Bernadette: I saw a picture of you two dancing together.
Howard: What was I gonna do? They were playing our song. I cant take this anymore.
Stuart (on phone): Hello.
Howard: Stuart, we have to talk. This thing with you and my mom, I hate it. Its making me crazy. You and I were friends for years, and now youre bringing my mother to a party Im going to? What the hell?
Stuart: Im not bringing your mother, I have a date.
Howard: Oh, so now youre cheating on my mother?
Stuart: Whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa. What are you talking about? Theres nothing weird going on with me and your mother.
Mrs Wolowitz (off): Stewie, your bath is getting cold!
Stuart: I got to go, bye.
Scene: Pennys apartment.
Sheldon: (Knock, knock, knock) Penny? (Knock, knock, knock) Penny? (Knock, knock, knock) Penny? (Knock, knock, knock) Penny? (Knock, knock, knock) Penny?
Penny: You knocked more than usual.
Sheldon: Next time I might be in a rush, its good to have a few in the bank.
Penny: Okay, whats up?
Sheldon: Id like to discuss this party that Amy and Bernadette are throwing. Since you and I are both reluctant to go, I think Ive come up with a perfect way for us to enjoy it.
Penny: Great, how?
Sheldon: We pretend were aliens. Im not the best at reading facial cues, but Im gonna say that you love it and want to hear more. Now, in the beloved novel Hitchhikers Guide to the Galaxy, an alien named Ford Prefect pretended to be human in order to blend in so that he could write an entry about Earth for The Hitchhikers Guide to the Galaxy, which is a travel book within the actual book, which is also called The Hitchhikers Guide to the Galaxy.
Penny: Okay, just one question. What?
Sheldon: My point is, pretending to be an alien is a valuable coping mechanism Ive used many times. I did it the first time I went to see you in a play. You had no idea Commander Umfrumf of Ceti Alpha Three was in the audience. Oh, dont worry, he gave you seven thumbs up.
Penny: Heres a question, as an alien pretending to be human, are you planning to engage in any post-prom mating rituals with Amy?
Sheldon: There are post-prom mating rituals?
Penny: Not always. Unless your date drives a van with an air mattress, then always.
Sheldon: Well, if its part of the prom experience, then Im open to it.
Penny: Youre kidding.
Sheldon: I may be an alien, but I have urges. If Amy wants to copulate by firing her eggs into space, well, then, I will happily catch them with the reproductive sac on my upper flermin. Im not the best at reading facial cues, but I can see that youre a little turned on.
Scene: The apartment. 
Leonard: You know, if youre not gonna learn how to do this, they make some pretty good clip-ons.
Sheldon: Bruce Wayne doesnt wear a clip-on.
Leonard: Bruce Wayne doesnt make his roommate tie it for him.
Sheldon: His name is Alfred, and, yes, he does.
Leonard: There, perfect.
Sheldon: What, are you sure? Its my first prom, I want to do it correctly.
Leonard: I thought you were gonna pretend to be an alien.
Sheldon: I was, but Penny didnt want to. You didnt want to. Bernadette, Amy, Koothrappali and Wolowitz didnt want to. And even I knew it was weird to hire somebody.
Leonard: Was that a flask?
Sheldon: Yes. Ive decided to embrace all of the traditions associated with prom, including spiking the punch.
Leonard: Youre gonna put alcohol in the punch?
Sheldon: Oh, no, this is pomegranate juice. Its all the fun of high school high jinks with the cell-protecting zip of antioxidants.
Leonard: If you had ripped jeans and a leather jacket, youd be like the toughest kid on the Disney Channel. So, anything else planned for tonight?
Sheldon: Oh, everything. Getting our picture taken, slow-dancing, being elected prom king. Pointing out that kings arent elected. Its gonna be off the hook.
Leonard: And while youre at it, I know that at this age your hormones are raging, but just because all your friends are having sex doesnt mean you have to.
Sheldon: Why would you say that?
Leonard: You know, cause, cause a lot of people lose their virginity on prom night.
Sheldon: Penny implied the same thing. Is this true?
Leonard: Just relax, its a joke. You dont have hormones.
Scene: Pennys apartment. 
Leonard: Wow, you look amazing.
Penny: Thank you, so do you.
Amy: Sheldon, you look so handsome.
Sheldon: Thank you.
Penny: Sheldon, doesnt Amy look hot? Thats got to put some starch in the upper flermin.
Amy: Whats that?
Leonard: Oh, its a scaly genital organ that grows between his shoulder blades. Try not to touch it when youre dancing.
Sheldon: Excuse me.
Amy: Where are you going?
Sheldon: I cant do this. And for your information, Leonard, the upper flermin doesnt grow between my shoulder blades, it grows out of the belly button on my neck.
Leonard: Hes right, I was thinking of the lower flermin.
Scene: A limo.
Raj: Ooh, Ill, uh, text Stuart, let him know were close.
Bernadette: Thats a neat tattoo.
Emily: Oh, thanks, its Sally from Nightmare before Christmas.
Bernadette: Aw, that movies so cute.
Howard: Do you like her because you both have red hair?
Emily: Uh, a little, but more that shes covered in scars and can pull her own limbs off and sew them back on.
Bernadette: I like Cinderella.
Emily: Did you know, in the original book, the sisters cut off their toes with knives in order to fit in the glass slipper?
Bernadette: I like Bibbidi-Bobbidi-Boo.
Raj: Hey, here comes Stuart and his date.
Emily: Oh, shes cute.
Howard: Oh, my God.
Bernadette: What?
Howard: Thats Jeanie.
Bernadette: Thats Jeanie?
Emily: Whos Jeanie?
Howard: Dont say it.
Raj: Thats Howards cousin that he had sex with.
Howard: She is my second cousin. We were 15, I just said, dont say it.
Emily: No, its okay. He told me that story a long time ago.
Howard: Raj.
Raj: It was our first date, there was an awkward silence. What was I supposed to say?
Scene: The rooftop. 
Penny: Oh, its beautiful.
Leonard: Oh, the girls really did a nice job.
Penny: Aw, I know I wasnt into this before, but Im so glad I get to take you to your first prom.
Leonard: What makes you think I didnt go to my prom? I went.
Penny: Well, whod you go with?
Leonard: I took a little lady I like to call loneliness.
Penny: Aw.
Leonard: Oh, its all right. We ended up having a threesome with her friend humiliation, so
Penny: Well, if I would have been there and saw you alone, I wouldve asked you to dance.
Leonard: No, you wouldnt have.
Penny: Well, you dont know that.
Leonard: It was before my growth spurt.
Penny: What, that already happened?
Leonard: Very funny.
Penny: Well, you wouldnt have asked me either.
Leonard: I would have asked you. In my head. On the way home. While I was having a good cry.
Scene: Sheldons bedroom.
Amy: Sheldon, can I come in?
Sheldon: I dont think thats a good idea.
Amy: Why not?
Sheldon: According to an online message board, I may be having a panic attack. SoccerMom09 had similar symptoms. But to be fair, the twins were a real handful that day.
Amy: Youre making me worry. Whats going on?
Sheldon: Whats going on is were about to go to a prom. And theres a great deal of pressure on young couples like us to engage in what Mr. Bob Eubanks called making whoopee.
Amy: What pressure? All I said was you look handsome. Can you please open the door?
Sheldon: Its not just that. Leonard and Penny also made comments about it. And Im not blind. Even I looked twice when I saw my posterior in these tuxedo pants.
Sceme: The limo.
Stuart: So, I met Jeanie at your Aunt Gladys. She passed me the Manischewitz, I took one look at this punim, and I almost plotzed on the kugel.
Rajj: Is this what I sound like when I talk about India?
Howard: So, my mothers okay with this?
Jeannie: Why would your mother have a problem with me and Stuart?
Howard: Cause they have a weird, inappropriate relationship.
Jeannie: Weirder than what you and I did in my dads Corolla?
Raj: This is so messed up.
Emily: I know, Im having the best time.
Howard: Why would you even come to this? Didnt you know Id be here?
Jeannie: It was a long time ago, Howard.
Stuart: And youre only second cousins, who cares?
Bernadette: So, you knew and you brought her anyway?
Stuart: Oh, so shes good enough for Howard, but not for me?
Howard: Yeah.
Bernadette: Yeah, go have weird relationships with your own mother and cousin. This is his turf.
Howard: Yeah.
Scene: The rooftop.
Penny: Well, I might not have asked you to dance then, but I will ask you now.
Leonard: Theres no music.
Penny: I dont care. Well make our own music.
Leonard: My God, whos the dork now? Thank you for wearing your flats.
Penny: Thank you for wearing your heels.
Leonard: Look at me. Dancing with the prettiest girl at the prom.
Penny: Want to take a picture of us and send it to your old friends in the chess club?
Leonard: I sent them a bikini shot of you years ago. This is nice. I kind of wish no one else was coming.
Penny: I know, me, too. But it will be fun to have a prom without all the drama.
Scene: The limo.
Bernadette: Howie, get off of him.
Howard: Not until he stops humping his way up my family tree.
Scene: Sheldons bedrooom.
Amy: Sheldon, this is silly. Im not missing another prom. Im going upstairs now. Good-bye.
Sheldon: I really did think you looked pretty.
Amy: You did?
Sheldon: Yes. So much so that I started to panic.
Amy: Well, you can relax. Just because you think I look pretty doesnt mean we have to spend the night together.
Sheldon: Were you hoping we would because its prom?
Amy: Im always hoping. But tonight I just wanted to have a nice time with you. And maybe dance with someone who has arms.
Sheldon: Thank you for understanding.
Amy: Of course I understand. Sheldon, theres something else Ive been wanting to say, but before I do, I just, I want you to know that you dont have to say it back. I know youre not ready, and I dont want you to say it just because social convention dictates
Sheldon: I love you, too.
Amy: You said it.
Sheldon: Theres no denying I have feelings for you that cant be explained in any other way. I briefly considered that I had a brain parasite. But that seems even more farfetched. The only conclusion was love. I know whats happening. This is a panic attack. SoccerMom09 says to lie down with your feet elevated.
Amy: Okay.
Sheldon: Whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa. Just because I love you doesnt mean girls are allowed in my room.
Scene: The rooftop.
Raj: Okay. Here we go, say cheese. Iskip) Say cheese. Iskip) Say cousin. Iskip) Say
Stuart: Oh, sorry. Hang on, sorry. (On phone) Hey, Debbie. I, yeah, yeah, Im here with Jeanie. Okay, but were just friends. Its, yeah. I got to go.
