Scene: The apartment. The guys are studying a complex chart on the whiteboard.
Leonard: Hmmm.
Sheldon: The problem appears to be unsolvable.
Raj: Maybe you could run some computer simulations.
Howard: There are too many variables. It would take forever.
Leonard: Weve got to be missing something. Lets start again. The movie is playing here at 7:20, here at 7:40, here at 8:10 and here at 8:45.
Sheldon: Right, these theatres have to be eliminated.
Leonard: Why? Theyre state-of-the-art digital projection, 20-channel surround sound.
Sheldon: Yes, but they have no Icee machines. Despite my aggressive letter-writing campaign, I might add.
Raj: What about the multiplex here? The seats are terrific.
Sheldon: They have Twizzlers instead of Red Vines. No amount of lumbar support can compensate for that.
Leonard: Well, its gonna take at least an hour to eat, and I dont see a Sheldon-approved restaurant proximate to a Sheldon-approved theatre.
Raj: We could eat after the movie.
Sheldon: Unacceptable, the delay would result in tomorrow mornings bowel movement occurring at work.
Raj: Hang on, hang on. Theres a 7-Eleven here. We smuggle Slurpies, which are essentially Icees, in under our coats, after having a pleasant meal either here, here or here.
Howard: Wow. I dont see how we missed that.
Sheldon: Excuse me, in what universe are Slurpies Icees?
Raj: Thats how we missed it.
Leonard: Sheldon, would you be prepared, on a non-precedential basis, to create an emergency ad-hoc Slurpie-Icee equivalency?
Sheldon: Oh, Leonard, you know I cant do that.
Howard: Okay, I guess we only have one option.
Raj: Yep, I dont see any way around it.
Leonard: Bye, Sheldon.
Howard: See ya.
Raj: Later, dude.
Sheldon: Theyre right, it was the only option.
Credits sequence.
 
Scene: The hallway. Sheldon is opening the apartment door. Penny comes running up stairs.
Penny: Ooh, ooh, shut the door, shut the door.
Sheldon: Why?
Penny: Just do it! (Penny runs in. Sheldon shuts door. Penny opens door again) Get inside and shut the door.
Sheldon: Well, you didnt specify.
Penny: Is Leonard around?
Sheldon: He went to the movies without me. It was the only option. Im sorry, I dont understand which social situation this is. Could you give me some guidance as to how to proceed?
Penny: The building managers showing an apartment downstairs, and I havent paid my rent.
Sheldon: Oh, I see. Penny, Im not sure Im comfortable harbouring a fugitive from the 2311 North Los Robles Corporation.
Penny: Its no big deal. Im just a little behind on my bills because they cut back my hours at the restaurant and my car broke down.
Sheldon: If you recall, I pointed out the check engine light to you several months ago.
Penny: Well the check engine light is fine. Its still blinking away. Its the stupid engine that stopped working. It cost me like twelve hundred dollars to fix it.
Sheldon: You know, it occurs to me you could solve all your problems by obtaining more money.
Penny: Yes, it occurs to me, too.
Sheldon: Hang on a moment. (He opens a jar. Snakes jump out. He then pulls out a large wedge of money) Here. Take some. Pay me back when you can.
Penny: Wow, you got a lot of money in there.
Sheldon: Thats why its guarded by snakes. Take some.
Penny: Dont be silly.
Sheldon: Im never silly. Here.
Penny: No, I cant.
Sheldon: Dont you need money?
Penny: Well, yeah, but
Sheldon: This is money Im not using.
Penny: But what if you need it?
Sheldon: My expenses account for 46.9% of my after-tax income. The rest is divvied up between a small savings account, this deceptive container of peanut brittle and the hollowed-out buttocks of a superhero action figure who shall remain nameless for his own protection. Or her own protection. Take some.
Penny: Really? I mean, are you sure?
Sheldon: I see no large upcoming expenditures unless they develop an affordable technology to fuse my skeleton with adamantium like Wolverine.
Penny: Are they working on that?
Sheldon: I sincerely hope so.
Penny: Okay. Well, thank you. Oh, God, no, I cant. Sheldon honey, I dont want things to be weird between us.
Sheldon: Wont it also be weird if I have to say hello to you every morning on my way to work and youre living in a refrigerator box and washing your hair with rain water?
Penny: Ill pay you back as soon as I can.
Sheldon: Of course you will. Its impossible to pay me back sooner than you can. Assuming you subscribe to a linear understanding of time and causality.
Penny: Im regretting this already.
Scene: Entering the lobby of the building.
Sheldon: You know, Ive given the matter some thought, and I think Id be willing to be a house pet to a race of super-intelligent aliens.
Leonard: Interesting.
Sheldon: Ask me why.
Leonard: Do I have to?
Sheldon: Of course. Thats how you move a conversation forward.
Leonard: Why?
Sheldon: The learning opportunities would be abundant. Additionally, I like having my belly scratched.
Leonard: Hey, Penny. How was work?
Penny: Great. I hope Im a waitress at the Cheesecake Factory for my whole life.
Sheldon: Was that sarcasm?
Penny: No.
Sheldon: Was that sarcasm?
Penny: Yes.
Sheldon: Was that sarca..
Leonard: Stop it!
Sheldon: Penny, you appear to have a package here.
Penny: Oh, thanks. This must be the beret I ordered. A couple of months ago. It was back-ordered.
Sheldon: Did you know the beret is an example of piece of womens fashion adapted from male military uniforms? Another fascinating example is the epaulet.
Leonard: Hes not lying, he does find that fascinating.
Penny: Okay, whatever. Its not like Im running up and down the streets just buying myself berets. I bought one, like, a month ago, and it was back-ordered, look, it finally arrived, all right?
Sheldon: All right.
Penny: Oh, my God, would you just get off my case?
Leonard: Weird.
Sheldon: Oh, good, that was an unusual interaction. I wasnt sure.
Leonard: Did you guys have an argument?
Sheldon: No.
Leonard: Well, you clearly did something to aggravate her.
Sheldon: Im at a loss. If you like, you can review my daily log of social interactions and see if theres a blunder I overlooked.
Scene: The apartment. 
 
Leonard: Here you go. Oh, you owe me another two dollars. The price of mu-shu pork went up.
Howard: Its getting tougher and tougher to be a bad Jew.
Leonard: Here you go, Penny. Shrimp with lobster sauce.
Penny: Thank you, Leonard. Whats my share?
Leonard: Dont worry about it. Its my treat.
Penny: No, really, how much?
Leonard: Its, whatever. Ten, eleven dollars.
Penny: Well, which is it, ten or eleven?
Leonard: Fourteen fifty, but its no biggie, youll get the next one. (Raj whispers something to Howard)
Penny: What?
Howard: He was just wondering if he wore skintight jeans and a tank top if hed get his shrimp lo mein for free.
Penny: What are you saying? That Im using my body to get dinner? That Im some kind of Chinese food prostitute?
Howard: Yeah, Raj, what are you saying?
Penny: Cause let me tell you something, buddy, I pay my own way in this world, okay? I dont rely on anybody! (Raj runs out of the room) What was that about?
Howard: He has a nervous bladder when hes stressed out. Kind of like a puppy.
Penny: Here, Leonard, ten, eleven, twelve, uh, fourteen dollars.
Leonard: It was fourteen fifty, but its okay.
Sheldon: Oh, good. Dinners here.
Penny: Yes, dinners here, and Im having some. Im having takeout food.
Sheldon: Okay.
Penny: Youre damn right its okay. Ive been having leftovers at the restaurant for like four days, and I wanted something different. So sue me.
Sheldon: Forgive me, Penny, but that would be the very definition of a frivolous lawsuit.
Penny: Sheldon, look, I will pay you back as soon as I can. You just have to give me more time.
Leonard: Oh, wait, you lent her money?
Penny: She needed money. You seem under pressure. Did I not lend you a sufficient amount? Because I can give you more.
Penny: Oh, you know, you would just love that, wouldnt you? Yeah. You would just love to open up your little snake can and throw some money at the girl who cant pay her bills.
Leonard: Where are you going?
Penny: Going home, where I wont be interrogated like a criminal. I forgot my fortune cookie.
Sheldon: In case either of you have larceny in your heart, you should know that Ive moved my money out of the snake can.
Leonard: But if youre ever short, theres always a couple of fifties in Green Lanterns ass.
Scene: Pennys apartment. 
 
Leonard: Hey.
Penny: Hey.
Leonard: A little mood lighting, huh?
Penny: Yeah. When I didnt pay my bill, the Department of Water and Power thought I would enjoy the ambience.
Leonard: Yeah, theyre very considerate that way.
Penny: I used Sheldons money to pay my rent, then I had like fourteen dollars left over.
Leonard: Fourteen dollars, huh?
Penny: Put it back in your pocket, or Ill find some other place to put it.
Leonard: Back in the pocket it goes. Look, you do understand that Sheldon really doesnt care when he gets the money back. Its actually one of the few idiosyncrasies that doesnt make you want to, you know, kill him.
Penny: Yeah, well, thats not really my big problem.
Leonard: So youre a little behind on your bills. Everybody gets behind on their bills.
Penny: Yeah, I know, its just, this wasnt the plan, it wasnt supposed to go this way.
Leonard: Well, what was the plan?
Penny: Um, waitress for six months and then become a movie star.
Leonard: Was there a plan B?
Penny: TV star.
Leonard: Its probably not as bad as you think. Lets take a look. Maybe we can find some corners to cut. Oh, heres something, if you dont have electricity, then you probably dont need cable. Just a suggestion. 170 dollars for acting classes?
Penny: Oh, no, I cant give up my acting classes. Im a professional actress.
Leonard: Youve had an acting job where you got paid?
Penny: That is not the definition of professional.
Leonard: Actually, it kind of lets keep looking. Whoa, whats eighteen hundred dollars to the Los Angeles County Superior Court?
Penny: Oh, thats nothing.
Leonard: Nothing? It sounds like you got caught speeding going 4,000 miles an hour.
Penny: Well, remember Kurt?
Leonard: Your ex-boyfriend?
Penny: Yeah. He got arrested for taking a whiz on a cop car.
Leonard: What?
Penny: He was drunk.
Leonard: I would hope so.
Penny: Anyway, he had a bunch of outstanding tickets and a bench warrant, so I, you know, I paid his fines.
Leonard: Did he pay you back?
Penny: No, but he will.
Leonard: And thats based on the inherent credit-worthiness of people who get drunk and urinate on police vehicles?
Penny: Leonard, Im not gonna call up Kurt and ask him for money.
Leonard: Well what are you gonna do?
Penny: I dont know, but I may have to find a cheaper place to live.
Leonard: Oh, no. Oh, you dont want to do that.
Penny: Why not?
Leonard: Well, moving is a big deal. You have to go to the supermarket and get boxes, and if theyre not clean, then your books smell like melons, and its just, like Why dont you just get a roommate and stay here?
Penny: Well, do you know anybody?
Leonard: Well, Im sure the guy living with Sheldon wouldnt mind moving in with you.
Penny: Oh, Leonard, honey, if we started living together, I wouldnt be able to keep my hands off you.
Leonard: Really?
Penny: And you thought my acting lessons were a waste of money.
Scene: The apartment.
 
Howard: Ugh. This mu-shu porks burning a hole through my duodenum.
Raj: Leviticus 11:3: Only that which parteth the hoof and cheweth the cud among the beasts shall ye eat.
Howard: Hey, do I mock you with the Bhagavad-Gita every time you scarf down a Whopper?
Leonard: Hey, whats going on?
Raj: Were on a quest through the Valley of Fire to acquire the sacred crown.
Howard: You want the Valley of Fire? Its right here.
Leonard: Hey, you guys want to go on a real live quest?
Sheldon: Outside? I just made cocoa.
Leonard:  Come on. Itll be fun.
Howard: What is it?
Leonard: Do you guys remember Pennys ex-boyfriend Kurt? (They all hold their hands above their heads) Yeah, thats him. It turns out he owes Penny a lot of money, and Im gonna go get it from him.
Whos with me?
Howard: Ooh, double sixes.
Leonard: Really? Youre just gonna let me go by myself?
Raj: Oh, cool, I got a sword.
Leonard: I could use some help.
Raj: Here.
Leonard: You guys are unbelievable, you play a game to simulate adventure, but when theres real adventure out there in the real world, you just wimp out.
Sheldon: Leonard, do you not recall the last time we visited this gentleman, we returned home without pants?
Leonard: I do.
Sheldon: Are you sure? Because your proposal suggests that you dont.
Leonard: Im not afraid of him.
Sheldon: All right. Leonard fairly calls the question, who is in favour of abandoning our game and confronting Pennys steroid-infused ex-boyfriend in a suicidal mission to extract money from him? Say hi to Kurt for us.
Leonard: Excuse me. When Frodo left the Shire to take the one ring to Mordor, didnt Samwise, Pippin and Merry go with him?
Sheldon: They did.
Leonard: Well?
Sheldon: They had a terrible time of it, Leonard.
Raj: Plus, no one stole their pants.
Leonard: Fine. Just enjoy your little game. Ill make this quest on my own.
Howard: Leonard, wait. Take a jacket, its spritzing a little.
Leonard: You guys suck. (Leaves. Comes back) Come on, please? Hes so big.
Scene: Outside Kurts door.
 
Leonard: Okay, is everyone clear on the plan?
Howard: Yes. Koothrappalis going to wet himself, Im gonna throw up, Sheldons gonna run away, and youre going to die. Shall we synchronize our watches?
Leonard: Guys, there are four of us and one of him.
Sheldon: Which means his triumph will be even larger. Minstrels will write songs about him.
Leonard: Okay, how about this? Ill do the talking, you just stand behind me and try to look formidable.
Raj: I shouldve peed before we left.
Kurt: Yeah?
Leonard: Hi, Kurt.
Kurt: Lenny, right?
Leonard: I dont really go by Lenny, but thats okay. Um, you remember Sheldon, Howard and Raj.
Kurt: No. What do you want?
Sheldon: You dont remember me? How could he not remember me?
Leonard: Sheldon, not now.
Sheldon: I remember him.
Leonard: Okay, here it is. Pennys in kind of a financial jam, and the money that you owe her would go a long way to solving her problems.
Kurt: And she sent you to get it from me?
Leonard: No, no, shes too proud to ask for the money. I, on the other hand, feel you should honour your debt.
Kurt: You do?
Leonard: Feel is a kind of a its a strong word. Um, I just think it would be a nice gesture on your part.
Kurt: Shell get it when she gets it.
Howard: Well, there you go. Problem solved.
Raj: A successful quest. Now lets go find a gas station with a clean bathroom.
Leonard: No, the problem isnt solved. He just blew us off.
Sheldon: Ive got it. He didnt remember me because the last time we met I was in a Halloween costume.
Howard: Come on, Leonard, lets go
Leonard: No. You can leave if you want to. Im gonna see this through.
Howard: Okay. (They leave) 
Leonard: I guess, technically, that was my fault. (Knocks) Im not leaving here without Pennys money.
Kurt: What happened to your backup?
Leonard: I dont need backup. I have right on my side. And Im wearing cargo shorts under my pants.
Scene: Leonards car.
Sheldon: Congratulations. You may not have succeeded in getting cash, but you did secure a formal acknowledgment of the debt. (Leonard has I owe Penny $1800, Kurt written on his forehead.) 
 
Howard: Maybe we should have your head notarized.
Raj: If anybody cares, I still have to pee.
Scene: Outside the apartment. Penny knocks. 
Leonard: Hey.
Penny: Hey, is Sheldon here?
Leonard: Yeah. Hang on. Sheldon!
Penny: Nice hat.
Leonard: Its kind of a fashionable look these days.
Penny: Maybe if youre working on a tuna boat.
Sheldon: Hello, Penny.
Penny: Sheldon, here is your money. Thank you very much. It helped a lot.
Sheldon: Sarcasm?
Penny: No.
Sheldon: Darn. I cant seem to get the hang of that.
Leonard: Hey, I know its none of my business, but where did the money come from?
Penny: Well, I cut back my expenses like you said and picked up a few more hours at the restaurant, but the biggest thing was, out of the blue, Kurt shows up and gives me the money he owes me.
Leonard: Really? Did he say why?
Penny: Yes, he said he was feeling guilty and wanted to do what was right.
Leonard: Thats it? Did he give any reason as to why he came to this moral epiphany?
Penny: Nope. I just think hes really changed. Were having dinner tomorrow night, and I get to wear my new beret. Bye, guys.
Leonard: Bye.
Sheldon: Well done, Leonard. The true hero doesnt seek adulation, he fights for right and justice simply because its his nature.
Leonard: Pennys hooking up with her jerk of an ex-boyfriend and I have indelible ink on my forehead!
Sheldon: Thats your badge of honour, your warriors wound, if you will. I was wrong, minstrels will write songs about you.
Leonard: Great.
Sheldon (sings): There once was a brave lad named Leonard, with a fi-fi-fiddle-dee-dee. He faced a fearsome giant, while Raj just wanted to pee.
