Scene: The Cheesecake Factory
Penny: Hey, you guys ready to order?
Howard: Uh..
Leonard: Sure
Penny: Okay, Priya?
Priya: Uh, Ill have the Shepherds Pie. You want to split that with me?
Leonard: Oh, no, no, no, he doesnt.
Priya: Why not?
Leonard: Well, you have milk in the taters, milk in the gravy, parmesan crust. Your lactose-intolerant boyfriend will turn into a gas-filled Macys Day balloon.
Sheldon: Not quite accurate. The Macys balloons are filled with helium, whereas Leonard produces copious amounts of methane.
Leonard: So, no, on the Shepherds Pie. Can we move on?
Penny: Yeah, a little tip: he says he can eat frozen yoghurt. Do not believe it.
Leonard: Sea bass. Ill have the sea bass.
Howard: You gotta like this, the girlfriend and the ex-girlfriend bonding over your rooty-tooty stinky booty.
Leonard: Kill me.
Sheldon: It wouldnhelp. The human body is capable of being flatulent for hours after death.
Bernadette: Guys, sorry Im late. I have amazing news.
Sheldon: Bernadette, before you change the subject, does anyone have any final comments on Leonards faulty digestive system?
Leonard: So, whats your news, Bernadette?
Bernadette: The thesis committee accepted my doctoral dissertation. Im getting my PhD.
Penny: Oh!
Sheldon: Oh, congratulations.
Penny: Wow, so that means youre a doctor, youre a doctor, youre a doctor, youre a doctor, and Howard, you know a lot of doctors.
Howard: Congratulations, honey.
Bernadette: Thank you.
Leonard: So, Howard, tell us, hows it feel knowing that when you two get married, youll be referred to as Mr. and Dr. Wolowitz?
Sheldon: Unless he takes Bernadettes last name. And considering her advanced status, that could open some doors for him.
Howard: Please, this isnt about me. Im proud of you.
Bernadette: Well, youll be really be proud of this. I was headhunted by a big pharmaceutical company. Theyre gonna pay me a buttload of money!
Howard: What?
Leonard: Bernadette, thats great. Howard, do you make a buttload?
Howard: Better than what youve got a buttload of.
Leonard: Hey, if I roll down the windows in the car, everythings peachy. If you do it, youre still not a doctor.
Penny: Yeah, just a heads-up on the car window deal. It helps, but everything is not peachy.
Credits sequence.
Scene: Rajs apartment. 
Raj (earphones in, singing): Oh, if there was a problem, you cant solve it, check out the hook while my DJ revolves it. Ice, Ice, baby. Ice, Ice, baby. (Removes headphones and goes to refrigerator).
Priya (off): Oh, God, I feel ridiculous in this dress.
Leonard (off): You look beautiful, Lieutenant Uhura. Now prepare for inspection.
Priya (off): Shh, my brothers going to hear you.
Leonard (off): Relax, hes got headphones on. And were ten miles above Earth in a starship.
Raj: Really, ten miles? Youre orbiting inside the atmosphere? Moron.
Priya (off): I cant believe Im wearing my brothers Halloween costume.
Leonard (off): I cant believe you think he only wears it on Halloween. Open the landing bay doors, shuttle craft approaching.
Raj: Okay, gotta go.
Scene: Howards house.
Howard: Hey, whats up?
Mrs Wolowitz (off): Is that my future daughter-in-law, the doctor?
Howard: No, Ma! Its Raj!
Mrs Wolowitz (off): Hes a doctor too, right?
Howard: Yes!
Mrs Wolowitz (off): Like Leonard and the skinny weirdo!
Howard: Sheldon, yes! Everybodys a doctor but me!
Mrs Wolowitz (off): Well, whose fault is that?
Howard: Whats up?
Raj: Leonards putting disgusting memories in my memory foam mattress. Can I stay here tonight?
Howard: Sure, but Im going out with Bernadette. Itll just be you and my mother.
Raj: I guess thats okay.
Howard: Ma, can Rajesh sleep over?!
Mrs Wolowitz (off): Of course, he and I can play doctor!
Raj: Shes kidding, right?
Howard: I dont know, shes pretty feisty since they put her on hormone-replacement therapy.
Mrs Wolowitz (off): Paging Dr. Cutie Pie!
Scene: The apartment. Sheldon is talking to Amy on webcam. 
Sheldon: I must say, Amy, I was very impressed to see that Bernadette got her PhD.
Amy: Its indeed admirable. Although, it is microbiology.
Sheldon: Your doctorate is in neurobiology. I fail to see the distinction.
Amy: Ill make it simple for you. I study the brain, the organ responsible for Beethovens Fifth Symphony. Bernadette studies yeast, the organism responsible for Michelob Lite. Is there something wrong with your neck?
Sheldon: Its a little stiff. What a remarkably fragile structure to support such a valuable payload. Not unlike balancing a Faberge egg on a Pixie Stick.
Amy: Have you considered massage?
Sheldon: Id like to respond to that sarcastically. Yes, I relish the thought of a stranger covering my body with oil and rubbing it.
Amy: I was proposing you massage your muscles with your own hands.
Sheldon: Still sounds like a lot of unnecessary touching.
Amy: Trust me. With your right hand, locate the spot where the scapula meets the acromion process.
Sheldon: All right.
Amy: Now push your third finger along the ridge of the shoulder blade, making a small rotation as you do so.
Sheldon: Rotating.
Amy: You should feel a small node-like object rolling back and forth along the bone.
Sheldon: You mean the myofascial point?
Amy: Obviously. Now bear down on it like the seventh grade noogies we all know too well.
Sheldon: Oh, dear Lord, yes, yes, oh, yes! Amy, Ive never been touched like this before! Oh! Oh, my hands are magic!
Amy: Dont flatter yourself. Your hands are blunt tools guided by my knowledge of the nervous system. I could just as easily have paralyzed you.
Sheldon: Theres someone at my door.
Amy: That doesnt interest me. Goodbye.
Raj (at door): Can I sleep here tonight?
Sheldon: Why?
Raj: Leonards having astronomically inaccurate Star Trek sex with my sister.
Sheldon: I can see how that would be upsetting. Come in. Ill get the sheets and blankets for the couch.
Raj: Oh, dont bother. Ill just sleep in Leonards room.
Sheldon: No, I cant authorize that.
Raj: Well, hes in my bed. Why cant I be in his?
Sheldon: The Hammurabic Code is an eye for an eye, not a bed for a bed.
Raj: Come on, dude, Im exhausted, and Tyra Banks says the most important item in your makeup bag is a good nights sleep.
Sheldon: All right. This is a form indemnifying me from your use of Leonards bedroom. Sign here, indicating that I tried to stop you and did so using a stern facial expression.
Raj: Good night, Sheldon.
Sheldon: Wait. Not yet. We still have to go over safety procedures. Now, the apartment has three emergency exits located here, here, and here. In the event of a power outage, luminous paint will guide you to the nearest exit.
Raj: Youre kidding.
Sheldon: I never kid about safety.
Scene: Leonards bedroom. Leonard enters, and accidentally sits on Raj. Both exclaim.
Leonard: What are you doing here?
Raj: I was sleeping.
Leonard: In my bed?
Raj: Well, I wouldve slept in my own bed, but it was being used to bring shame to my family. And the memory of Gene Roddenberry.
Leonard: Oh, you heard?
Raj: Scotty, I need more power.
Leonard: Sorry. Does Sheldon know youre sleeping in here?
Raj: Are you kidding? He made me sign a waiver, participate in an emergency fire drill and take a refresher course in CPR. Thank God he had a dummy.
Leonard: Oh, yeah. Mouth-to-Mouth Mona. You know, she used to date Howard?
Raj: Oh, my God, shes that Mona? Why cant you and my sister spend your nights here?
Leonard: We tried. She doesnt get along with Sheldon.
Raj: Sheldon doesnt get along with Sheldon. Its still no reason for me to have to listen to you arm your photon torpedoes every night.
Leonard: Okay, well, how about this. Until Priya gets her own place, you stay here and Ill stay at your apartment.
Raj: Can I bring girls here?
Leonard: You? Sure. Bring as many as you want.
Raj: Okay, deal.
Leonard: Just not against their will.
Scene: The cafeteria. 
Leonard: Do you really think you should be eating that cake?
Howard: Why?
Leonard: If youre gonna be a trophy husband for a rich wife, you might want to watch your waistline.
Raj: Hes right. A minute on the lips, a lifetime on the hips.
Howard: Yeah, ha-ha. First of all, Im not threatened by my fiances success. Im proud of her. And secondly, I have my own career.
Leonard: Until you have kids.
Sheldon: Good news, Raj. I got the blood work back from the lab. Youre okay to stay for a while.
Raj: When did you take my blood?
Sheldon: Not important. Your sugar was a little high. Id follow up with your regular physician. In the meantime, I have some paperwork here for you to go over.
Raj: What the hell is this?
Sheldon: Boilerplate stuff. A modified roommate agreement for a temporary house guest. And a living will and durable power of attorney.
Raj: This says you can make end of life decisions for me.
Sheldon: As your friend, lets hope it doesnt come to that. Please sign.
Raj: Did you sign this?
Leonard: Theres a reciprocity clause. You get to pull the plug on him, too.
Raj: Well, that seems fair.
Sheldon: Congratulations and welcome temporarily aboard. Heres your I.D. Card, your key and your lapel pin. Which Leonard was too cool to wear. FYI, part of your responsibilities as roommate pro tem will be to drive me to and from work, the comic book store, the barbershop and the park for one hour every other Sunday for fresh air.
Leonard: Bring a ball or a Frisbee, you know, something he can chase.
Sheldon: Also, youre tasked with bringing home all takeout dinners. Tonight is Thai food. Youll find the standard order in appendix B or downloadable from my FTP server. If you have any questions, heres the FAQ sheet, or if you prefer the human touch, I do a live web chat called Apartment Talk on Tuesday nights.
Leonard: No backsies.
Scene: The apartment. 
Raj: Sheldon, dinner!
Sheldon: What is this?
Raj: This is the difference between eating and dining.
Sheldon: Remarkable. Im just realizing how much Leonards been skating by all these years.
Raj: Its not a big thing. Just think of me as a brown Martha Stewart.
Penny (at door): Hey, Sheldon, did you change your Wi-Fi password again?
Sheldon: Yes, its Penny, get your own Wi-Fi. No spaces.
Penny: Thanks. Wow! Whats with the fancy spread?
Sheldon: My new roommate is bending over backwards to ingratiate himself to me. (Pointing to lapel badge) Uh, nice touch, by the way.
Penny: What do you mean, new roommate? What happened to Leonard?
Sheldon: The same thing that happened to Homo Erectus. He was replaced by a superior species.
Raj: Im the new Homo in town. That came out wrong.
Penny: All right, let me try this again. Wheres Leonard?
Raj: Hes living at my place, so Im living here.
Sheldon: Youre living here provisionally. But I must say its looking good.
Penny: Woah, Leonard and Priya are living together? Thats big.
Sheldon: No. Origami napkin swans, thats the headline.
Raj: Its a good thing.
Scene: Bernadettes bedroom. 
Howard: So do you know what kind of research youll be doing at this pharmaceutical company?
Bernadette: Well, there are a couple of opportunities available, but I volunteered for the premature ejaculation project. I mean, its not like either one of us has heart disease. Oh, I almost forgot. I got you a little present.
Howard: Oh, Bernie, no. You didnt have to.
Bernadette: I wanted to. Come on, open it.
Howard: You bought me a Rolex? How much did this cost?
Bernadette: Oh, you let me worry about the money. I just want my baby to have pretty things.
Scene: The apartment.
Raj: More wine?
Penny: Oh, no, no, no. Ive had way too much already.
Sheldon: Heres an interesting fact about alcohol.
Penny: Hit me.
Sheldon: Man is not the only species that ferments fruit in order to become intoxicated. Can you guess what the other is? Hint, sometimes they pack the alcohol in their trunks.
Penny: Monkeys.
Sheldon: When does a monkey have a trunk?
Penny: When a suitcase just wont do.
Sheldon: Mmm, all right. It would appear as if alcohol is playing keep-away with your intelligence. Good night. Please note, it is now past ten p.m. Per our roommate agreement, kindly refrain from raucous laughter, clinking of glasses, and celebratory gunfire.
Penny: Okay, explain something to me. You watch Leonard put up with that guy for years and years. What has to break inside your brain for you to think, Oh, Krishna, Ive got to get me some of that?
Raj: Well, its a lot better than having to wear noise-cancelling headphones in my own apartment.
Penny: What? Oh, God, yeah. Yeah. Leonards a noisy little dude in the sack.
Raj: Every night.
Penny: Really? Even during allergy season, when he has to alternate between kissing and breathing?
Raj: Its my sister. Can we not talk about this any more?
Penny: Yeah. Sorry, sorry. Can I tell you a secret?
Raj: Yeah.
Penny: I screwed up. Leonards a great guy. Never should have broken up with him.
Raj: Well, uh, to paraphrase Shakespeare, Its better to have loved and lost than to stay home every night and download increasingly shameful pornography.
Penny: Oh, you poor baby.
Raj: Whats wrong with me, Penny?
Penny: Nothing, nothing. You know, if we werent friends, and you hadnt brought up that creepy pornography story, Id be on you like the speed of light squared on matter to make energy.
Raj: Hey, you totally got that right! E equals M C squared.
Penny: I listen. I have no idea what it means, but I listen. To friendship.
Raj: To friendship.
Sheldon (off): Would you booze hounds please stop that infernal clinking? And the answer was elephant!
Scene: Rajs apartment. Leonard and Priya are kissing. 
Leonard: Mmm. Mmm.
Priya: Leonard, sweetheart, were kissing, not eating hot soup.
Leonard: Sorry.
Priya (computer tone): Thats my parents on video chat. Go hide in the bedroom.
Leonard: Oh, come on! Why dont we just tell them that were dating?
Priya: Oh, weve been through this. Its not the time.
Leonard: When is the time?
Priya: Ive got five brothers and sisters. One of them is bound to screw up real big, and then Ill tell my parents about you. Now, shoo.
Leonard: Fine.
Priya: Hello, Mummy. Hello, Daddy.
Dr Koothrappali: We heard there was a tornado in Kansas City. Is that close to you?
Priya: No.
Mrs Koothrappali: Where is your brother?
Priya: Out with friends.
Dr Koothrappali: I dont like it, a young girl alone in an apartment.
Mrs Koothrappali: Ill sleep so much better when you move back here next month.
Leonard: Youre moving back to India?
Dr Koothrappali: Whos that?
Mrs Koothrappali: Oh, my God! Theres someone in your apartment. Call the police in America!
Leonard: When were you going to tell me about this?
Priya: Oh, hello, Leonard. What a pleasant surprise! Mummy, Daddy, you remember Rajeshs friend Leonard.
Dr Koothrappali: I thought you said Rajesh was out with his friends.
Priya: He has many friends.
Dr Koothrappali: Rajesh has many friends?
Mrs Koothrappali: Why are you lying to us?
Leonard: Shes lying because she doesnt want you to know were dating.
Priya: Leonard!
Leonard: Well, what difference does it make? If youre moving back to India, were obviously breaking up.
Priya: You know what? I dont want to deal with this right now.
Leonard: So. Hot in India?
Dr Koothrappali: Of course it is. It always is. Its India. Now, what do you have to say for yourself?
Leonard: Uh. That is a beautiful tapestry.
Scene: Leonards bedroom. Raj and Penny are in bed. 
Penny (waking up): Oh, God. Oh, God! Oh. Okay, look. This never happened. Do you understand me? (Raj nods) Really? Still cant talk to me?
Scene: The living room. Leonard is asleep on the couch. 
Sheldon: What are you doing here?
Leonard: What?
Sheldon: I said, what are you doing here?
Leonard: I live here.
Sheldon: I have paperwork that says differently.
Leonard: Priyas going back to India.
Sheldon: Irrelevant. Rajesh and I have a good thing going and youre not going to ruin it. (Knock on door) What are you doing here?
Howard: Ive been up all night. I had a fight with Bernadette.
Sheldon: Why?
Howard: She gave me a beautiful watch.
Sheldon: Leonard, do you understand this?
Leonard: Yes.
Sheldon: Talk to him.
Penny (entering room dishevelled, with a half naked Raj behind): Damn.
Leonard: Whats going on?
Penny: Oh. Its, its not what it looks like.
Sheldon: What does it look like?
