Scene: The apartment.
Howard: Okay, are you from Star Wars universe?
Leonard: Yes
Howard: Were you in the original trilogy?
Leonard: Yes
Howard: Is there a picture of you in my wallet wearing a metal bikini?
Leonard: God, I hope not. And no, Im not Princess Leia.
Raj: Oh, okay, okay, my turn. Are you in the six Star Wars movies?
Leonard: Yes
Raj: Interesting. Are you a Droid?
Leonard: Yes
Raj: Do you kind of look like a shiny Sheldon?
Leonard: Yes
Raj: C3PO.
Leonard: You got it.
Sheldon: Thats preposterous. I do not resemble C3PO. Dont get me wrong, Im flattered, I just dont see it.
Howard (phone rings): Leslie Winkle. Youve reached friends with benefits. For a booty call, press one now.
Sheldon: What exactly does that expression mean, friends with benefits? Does he provide her with health insurance?
Leonard: No. Look, imagine you maintained a friendship with someone you had sex with, but you were free to date whoever you wanted.
Sheldon: Im sorry, I cant imagine any of that.
Leonard: Alright, back to the game.
Sheldon: I believe its my turn, you may begin your questions whenever youre ready.
Raj: Are you Spock?
Sheldon: I dont like this game.
Howard: So, where were we?
Raj: Arent you leaving for your booty call?
Howard: No, it was something else. Why does everything have to be about sex with you? Come on. Whos turn is it?
Leonard: We were up to you.
Howard: Great, just start.
Leonard: Okay, lets see. Are you from a TV series?
Howard: She dumped me!
Sheldon: I bet hes someone from Babylon 5, were never going to guess.
Credits sequence.
Scene: A few moments later.
 
Raj: What happened with Leslie, why did she dump you?
Howard: I dont know. She just said Howard, mommas a rolling stone. And then her call waiting beeped and she was gone.
Sheldon: I dont understand. If you were in a non-emotional relationship then why are you having what appears be an emotional response?
Leonard: Sheldon, he obviously had feelings for her.
Howard: Of course I had feelings for her, I saw her naked for Gods sake!
Leonard: Okay, uh look, you just need to get your mind off it. Do you want to go to the comic book store? Maybe go see a movie?
Howard: I dont want to go anywhere.
Sheldon: You know, Im given to understand that there is an entire city in Nevada designed specifically to help people like Howard forget their problems. Where you can replace them with new problems such as alcoholism, gambling addiction and sexually transmitted diseases.
Raj: Is it me, or was that Sheldons way of saying Vegas baby!
Leonard: Ive never been there, have you?
Raj: Me? No. I just got Vegas baby from Vince Vaughn in Swingers. .
Howard: It could be fun. I know my weekends wide open, now that
Leonard: Okay, then lets do this, lets go to Las Vegas.
Howard: Now? Right now?
Leonard: Why not? People do things right now all the time. Why cant we be right now people too. Go home, pack a bag and well be right now people. I have to stop at the drug store to refill a prescription, but after that well go right now.
Raj: What do you say, Howard?
Howard: I say Vegas baby!
Raj: What are you going to tell your mother?
Howard: Sea World, baby!
Leonard: Hey, Sheldon, are you coming?
Sheldon: Id rather have a blowfly lay eggs and hatch larvae in my auditory canal.
Leonard: Great, well bring you back a tee-shirt.
Scene: The lobby.
Sheldon: Thank you. Hello, neighbour.
Penny: Hello, Sheldon.
Sheldon: And how are you doing this fine evening?
Penny: Great.
Sheldon: Good. Im glad.
Penny: Really? Are you drunk?
Sheldon: Im just in a good mood. While my compatriots are in Las Vegas, I will be enjoying a blissful evening in my personal Fortress of Solitude.
Penny: Thats Supermans big ice thing, right?
Sheldon: Do you know, Im such a good mood, Im actually finding your tenuous grasp of the English language folksy and charming today.
Penny: Mmm, what smells so good?
Sheldon: That is the intoxicating aroma of Kadhai Paneer, a perfect culinary representation of the freedom this evening holds. Not only is it Indian cuisine, which Koothrappali loathes, it contains a generous helping of peanuts, which would reduce Wolowitz to a wheezing 97 pound blister. And finally, its main ingredient is Paneer, a farmers cheese which would cause Leonard to render any room uninhabitable within minutes.
Penny: Yum. Well, enjoy your big evening.
Sheldon: Penny. I realize you are also on your own tonight, so if at some point you find yourself with nothing to do, please do not disturb me.
Penny: Have fun, Sheldon.
Sheldon: Oh, I shall. (Sings Superman theme while searching his pockets.) No!
Penny: Whats wrong, Superman? Locked out of your big ice thingy?
Scene: A Vegas bathroom.
 
Raj: Look at this, mouthwash, lotion, body wash, shampoo and conditioner together in one tiny bottle. I love Las Vegas.
Leonard: Howard, could I borrow some after shave?
Howard: Black case, top compartment.
Leonard: That is a lot of cologne.
Howard: First row are your musks, second is wood, leathers and botanicals, third is assorted pheromones, tread lightly.
Raj (finding a large quantity of condoms): Thats the spirit, Howard. Yes, we can.
Leonard: Come on, lets go.
Howard: You guys go ahead, I just have to finish up an email.
Leonard: Thats not an email, thats Leslies facebook page.
Howard: Okay, fine, Im checking her facebook page, look at her status update, shes saying she dumped me, people need to know I dumped her.
Raj: But she did dump you.
Howard: Grow up, Raj,theres no place for truth on the internet. Just go, Ill catch up with you.
Leonard: Alright.
Raj: Oh, we should have a plan in case one of us gets lucky.
Leonard: Okay, uh, if I get lucky Ill take her to my stately manor outside Gotham City, and if you get lucky, Ill sleep on the moon.
Raj: Sounds like a plan.
Scene: Pennys apartment. 
Penny: Hang on, I think the emergency key is around here somewhere.
Sheldon: We have a bowl. Our keys go in a bowl. You should get a bowl.
Penny: So, how did the beautiful mind of Sheldon Cooper forget his key in the first place.
Sheldon: I left them in the bowl.
Penny: Oh-oh. I just remembered where the emergency key is.
Sheldon: Where?
Penny: In your apartment.
Sheldon: Whats it doing in my apartment?
Penny: Well, I went in there a few weeks ago when you guys werent home, and I forgot it there.
Sheldon: You were in my why would you what are you saying?
Penny: Its not a big deal, I was making coffee and I ran out of milk.
Sheldon: Youre the milk thief! Leonard said I was crazy but I knew that carton felt lighter.
Penny: Alright, Sheldon, lets just calm down and well call the building manager, hell come open your door, you just eat your dinner here while youre waiting.
Sheldon: Eat? My dinner? In your apartment?
Penny: Yeah, why not?
Sheldon: Sure, why not? And after the suns down we can all pile in my pick-up and go skinny-dipping down at the creek. Cause todays the day to stop making sense.
Scene: A bar at the Las Vegas Casino.
 
Leonard (to barmaid): Thanks.
Raj: Im telling you, Leonard, video slot machines, free drinks brought to us by a bosomy barmaid and all you can eat shrimp for $3.95. Disneyland can suck it. This is the real happiest place on earth.
Leonard (as he wins on his slot machine): Dude, check it out. Thats laundry for a month!
Woman (leaning over Raj): Hi.
Raj (taking a big gulp of his drink): Hello.
Woman: Whats your name?
Raj: Rajesh Ramayan Koothrappali.
Woman: Hello Rajesh Ram Hi, Rajesh, Im Michaela.
Raj: Hello, Michaela.
Michaela: So, are you interested a little party?
Raj: Why, yes, I love to party. Party is my middle name. Or it would be, if it werent Ramayan.
Leonard: Uh, Raj, can I, can I talk to you for a moment.
Raj: Not now, Leonard, Michaelas inviting me to a party. You better call the moon and you make sure that they have a bed for you.
Leonard: Yeah, I really need to talk to you.
Raj: Excuse me, Ill be right back. Dont go anywhere. Dont move. Just stay the beautiful unspoiled American flower that you are. (To Leonard) Whats wrong with you dude, that woman was all up in my jammy.
Leonard: Okay, I hate to break this to you and whatever your jammy is, but, Im pretty sure she is a prostitute.
Raj: What? No. ..
Leonard: Okay, let me put it this way, in your entire life, how many gorgeous women have walked straight up to you in a bar and asked if you wanted to party.
Raj: Maybe I can save her.
Leonard: Maybe, but Im guessing it will cost you about $500 an hour to try.
Raj: It was lovely meeting you, best of luck in your future endeavours.
Michaela: Whatever.
Raj: Oh, I miss her already.
Leonard: Oh, Howards losing it. Check out his latest twitters. Im at the bottom of a black hole staring into the abyss. My life is meaningless, my future is without hope.
Raj: Why dont we take him to see the Blue Man Group?
Leonard: You think thatd help?
Raj: USA Today calls them exuberant fun for the whole family.
Leonard: I dont know, Howard isnt really the family fun kind of guy.
Raj: Its too bad he wasnt here for that hooker. Shes exactly his type. A hooker. You know, I bet if we hired her, that would cheer him up.
Leonard: Were not going to get Wolowitz a hooker.
Raj (reading Howards twitter): Im so lonely and horny I may open this $20 jar of peanuts and end it all.
Leonard: Suppose it wouldnt hurt to get an estimate.
Scene: Pennys apartment.
 
Sheldon: So, how was your day?
Penny: Are you trying to make small talk? Oh, sweetie, you really dont have to.
Sheldon: No, its the accepted convention. How was your day?
Penny: Well, uh, they shifted my schedule around at the restaurant so my hours are going to be a little different
Sheldon: Im sorry, thats not going to interest me at all, just eat.
Scene: The casino bar. 
 
Raj: Hello again.
Michaela: Oh, hi.
Leonard: Yeah, hi, listen, m, if youre not busy, well, w-we were thinking you could well, we were wondering
Raj: If youre really a prostitute.
Michaela: You guys cops?
Together: No.
Michaela: I am a prostitute.
Leonard: Okay, great. Um uh, the thing is, weve got this friend, and hes kind of down in the dumps, and we thought that maybe you could cheer him up.
Raj: With sex.
Leonard: I think she knows what I meant.
Raj: How can she when you beat around the bush. Shes from the mean streets where they shoot from the hip and keep it real.
Michaela: Dont worry, I can take good care of your friend.
Leonard: Okay, terrific. Um, uh, listen, is there a way that we can do this where he doesnt know that youre a you know
Raj: Prostitute.
Michaela: You want the girlfriend experience.
Leonard: Yes, yeah, exactly, the girlfriend experience.
Raj: Uh, actually, if its not too much to ask, could we have the Jewish girlfriend experience.
Scene: Pennys apartment.
 
Sheldon: Okay, thats question 20, you have to guess.
Penny: Oh, God, I dont know Sheldon, are you Star Wars?
Sheldon: How can one person be a whole movie?
Penny: Okay, I give up, can we just do something else?
Sheldon: Fine. I was Spock. Are you and Leonard friends with benefits.
Penny: What?
Sheldon: Are you and Leonard friends with benefits?
Penny: Where did that even come from, did he say we were?
Sheldon: No, Leonard said nothing, but who knows what goes on over here when he pretends your mail was misdelivered.
Penny: No, just mail, no benefits.
Sheldon: Hmm, I see.
Penny: Why are you asking?
Sheldon: Im curious about the whole social construct. On its face, the idea of satisfying ones sexual appetite, assuming one is afflicted with such, without emotional entanglement, that seems eminently practical. What Ive observed, however, is Howard Wolowitz crying like a little girl.
Penny: Well, some people just cant handle that kind of relationship.
Sheldon: Can you?
Penny: Excuse me?
Sheldon: Are you able to have sex with men without developing an emotional attachment?
Penny: Sheldon, I really dont want to talk about this with you.
Sheldon: Is this conversation making you uncomfortable?
Penny: Of course its making me uncomfortable, cant you tell?
Sheldon: I really have no idea. I dont particularly excel at reading facial expressions, body language
Penny: Im uncomfortable, Sheldon!
Sheldon: Thank you, thats very helpful.
Scene: The casino bar.
Howard: Alright, where are these amazing shrimp?
Leonard: Behold?
Howard: Seriously, you think this is the size of a babys arm?
Raj: A little baby.
Howard: Im going back to the room.
Michaela (arriving): Boy, would it maybe kill them to put out a nice brisket?
Howard: Hi there, Howard Wolowitz.
Michaela: Esther Rosenblatt.
Scene: Pennys apartment.
 
Penny: I dont think the managers coming tonight so, here.
Sheldon: Are you suggesting I sleep on the couch.
Penny: Well, it wasnt the first suggestion that came to mind, but its the one Im going with.
Sheldon: I cant sleep on your couch. I sleep in a bed. And given its dimensions I have no intention of living out E.M. Snickerings beloved childrens book , The Tall Man From Cornwall.
Penny: What?
Sheldon: There was a tall man from Cornwall whose length exceeded his bed. My body fits on it, but barely upon it, theres no room for my big Cornish head.
Penny: Oh, alright. I will give you my bed on one condition. That you promise to zip your hole for the next eight hours.
Sheldon: May I say one last thing.
Penny: Only if it doesnt rhyme.
Sheldon: Alright. Goodnight.
Scene: The casino bar. 
Michaela: Turn ons. Let me see. Reading a good book in front of the fire. Long walks on the beach. Getting freaky on the Sabbath with a bacon cheeseburger.
Howard: Really, me too.
Michaela: Oy gevalt, youre hot.
Howard: Yeah. Excuse me for a moment.
Leonard: Hey, hows it going.
Howard: Cut the crap, you set this up, didnt you?
Leonard: Yes.
Howard: Shes a hooker, isnt she.
Raj: A prostitute, yes.
Howard: You already gave her the money?
Leonard: Yes.
Howard: Thank you!
Scene: Pennys apartment.
 
Sheldon: Penny.
Penny: What?
Sheldon: I cant sleep. how are you going?
Penny: Maybe thats because your hole is still open.
Sheldon: Im homesick.
Penny: Your home is twenty feet from here.
Sheldon: Twenty feet, twenty light years, it doesnt matter. Its in a galaxy far, far away.
Penny: Damn it. What do you want me to do
Sheldon: Sing soft kitty.
Penny: Thats only for when youre sick.
Sheldon: Homesick is a type of being sick.
Penny: Come on, do I really have to?
Sheldon: I suppose we can stay up and talk.
Penny: Soft kitty, warm kitty, little ball of fur. Happy kitty, um
Sheldon: Sleepy kitty.
Penny: Sleepy ki
Sheldon: No. Start over.
Penny: Soft kitty, warm kitty, little ball of fur. Happy kitty, sleepy kitty, purr, purr, purr.
Sheldon: Penny.
Penny: Yeah.
Sheldon: Thank you for letting me stay here.
Penny: Oh, youre welcome sweetie.
Sheldon: Okay, Im sleepy now, get out.
Scene: The stairwell. 
 
Sheldon: Oh, good, youre finally home.
Leonard: What were you doing at Pennys?
Sheldon: Well, we had dinner, uh, played some games, and then I spent the night. Oh, youll be happy to know that I now have a much better understanding of friends with benefits.
