Following a Previously on The Big Bang Theory section
Scene: The Comic Book Store.
Stuart: So, Howards really in space, huh?
Leonard: Mm-hmm, International Space Station. 250 miles that way.
Raj: Right now, Howards staring down at our planet like a tiny Jewish Greek god. Zeusowitz.
Sheldon: I must admit, I cant help but feel a twinge of envy. He can look out the window and see the majesty of the universe unfolding before his eyes. His dim, uncomprehending eyes. Its like a cat in an airport carrying case.
Leonard: You know, its not exactly glamorous up there. The water that the astronauts drink is made from each others recycled urine.
Stuart: Must be nice. Nobody wants anything that comes out of me.
Raj: I wonder what hes doing right this very second.
Leonard: Mm, conducting experiments in zero gravity.
Raj: Peering through his telescope at the birth of the cosmos.
Sheldon: Whatever it is, we know his life will never be the same.
Scene: The International Space Station.
Mrs Wolowitz (off): Howard. Can you hear me?
Howard: I can hear you without the phone,
Mrs Wolowitz (off): Dont be snippy. Im just excited to talk to my baby.
Howard: Im excited to talk to you, too.
Mrs Wolowitz (off): So, whats this mishegas about you moving out to go live with the little Polish girl?
Howard: How about calling her my wife?
Mrs Wolowitz (off): Wives dont take boys from their mothers.
Howard: They do. Thats why we marry them.
Mrs Wolowitz (off): I just hope Im not dead from a broken heart before you get back.
Howard: Ma, please. Everyone from NASA is listening to this phone call.
Mrs Wolowitz (off): Good. They should know what a horrible son you are.
Howard: Okay, Ma, great talking to you. Gotta go. Well, space is ruined.
Credits sequence.
Scene: Pennys apartment. Penny is bleaching Amys upper lip.
Amy: This is so exciting. Soon, my upper lip will be the same fake blonde as my beautiful best friend.
Penny: Hey, this is my natural hair colour. Now. So, does Sheldon have anything special planned for you tomorrow night?
Amy: Oh, yes. According to the Relationship Agreement, on the anniversary of our first date, he must take me to a nice dinner, ask about my day and engage in casual physical contact that a disinterested onlooker might mistake for intimacy.
Penny: Thats hot. You kids better use protection.
Amy: How long does this stay on?
Penny: Just a couple of minutes. Youve really never done this before?
Amy: Once in high school, but I dozed off and woke up with second-degree chemical burns on my face.
Penny: Oh, my gosh, thats awful. The other kids make fun of you?
Amy: No, I had a cover story, I told everyone it was herpes. So, hows everything going with you and Leonard?
Penny: Uh, I dont know, its still kind of weird. We havent really recovered since he proposed to me in the middle of sex.
Amy: Oh, boo-hoo. If Sheldon proposed to me during sex, my ovaries would grab on to him and never let go.
Scene: The university cafeteria.
Sheldon: Leonard, where do you stand on the anthropic principle?
Leonard: Interesting question. On the one hand, I always thought
Sheldon: You dont even know what it is, do you? The anthropic principle states that if we wish to explain why our universe exists the way it does, the answer is that it must have qualities that allow intelligent creatures to arise who are capable of asking the question. As I am doing so eloquently right now.
Leonard: I know what the anthropic principle is.
Sheldon: Of course. I just explained it to you. Now, where do you stand on it?
Leonard: Where do you stand on it? 
Sheldon: Strongly pro.
Leonard: Then I believe that God created the world in six days, and on the seventh he made you to annoy me.
Raj: Hey, guys.
Leonard: Hey.
Sheldon: Yeah, wait, Raj, where do you stand on the anthropic principle?
Raj: Im all for it.
Sheldon: Attaboy!
Leonard: Well, hang on. Why do you believe that he knows what it is and I dont?
Sheldon: Oh, Leonard. Lets not take a saw to the branch were sitting on, shall we?
Raj: Hey, uh, if you guys are free tonight, I heard about a spa where you soak your feet n a pool full of little fish that eat all the dead skin right off them. I dont need to tell you in Los Angeles, sandal season is year round.
Leonard: Actually, Im hanging out with Penny. 
Raj: Oh, okay. Sounds like its me and you, Sheldon. How about we sic some guppies on those puppies?
Sheldon: As Ive stated before on numerous occasions, the only sea creature I would even consider being eaten by is the Kraken, because the last words I would hear are Release the Kraken. That never gets old. Release the Kraken! Oh, chills. Besides, Im having dinner with Amy.
Raj: Oh, okay. Ill just go home and be alone. Which is cool. I eat alone, I sleep alone, I cry alone, so, cool.
Sheldon: Darn. If you werent busy, Id ask you to join us.
Raj: Really? I can come? Thanks.
Leonard: Sheldon, are you sure you want to be bringing Raj on your date night with Amy?
Sheldon: Oh, absolutely. I have a contractual obligation to provide Amy with conversation and casual physical contact, but nowhere is it specified that I cant outsource that to an Indian.
Scene: The International Space Station
Bernadette (on webcam): Howie? Howie?
Howard: Hey, theres my beautiful bride. Can you see me?
Bernadette: I can. How are you?
Howard: Im amazing. I mean, this is even better than I dreamed. I look out the window, and its all so unbelievable.
Bernadette: Good for you. I just had a seemingly endless dinner with your mom.
Howard: Oh, yeah? Thats nice.
Bernadette: It was. Until I found out you never told her were not gonna live with her. Lets talk about that for a minute.
Howard: Hey, look, this pen is floating. How crazy is that?
Bernadette: You said you told her, but you never did!
Howard: Okay, okay, I know youre upset, but let me share something Ive learned since I got here. You realize how small your problems are when youre looking down on them from space. Now, come on, thats got to make you feel better.
Bernadette: How clear is the image of me on that screen?
Howard: Pretty clear.
Bernadette: Do I look like I feel better?
Howard: I mean, its not, like, HD quality.
Bernadette: Listen, mister, youre gonna talk to your mother and youre gonna fix this, or that thing I said I was gonna do to you the minute you got home, you can do to yourself.
Dimitri: Like hes been doing since he got here.
Scene: A restaurant.
Amy: Sheldon, this place is so romantic. 
Sheldon: Oh, Im glad you like it. Raj picked it out.
Amy: Well, when you see him, tell him I say thank you.
Sheldon: Tell him yourself.
Raj: Yoo-hoo! Over here!
Amy: I dont understand. Whats he doing here?
Sheldon: I invited him.
Amy: On our date? Sheldon, thats not okay.
Sheldon: Yes, it is. Theres a loophole in the Relationship Agreement.
Amy: You found a loophole?
Raj: Sorry I started without you. Im a little nervous. Its been a long time since Ive been on a date.
Amy: I cant believe I bleached my moustache for this.
Raj: You should go to my girl. Shell knock out those sideburns for free.
Later.
Raj: You know, Amy, I dont even think you and I have had a real conversation. Lets use tonight to get to know each other a little better. You start.
Amy: Go home.
Raj: I dont understand.
Amy: Sheldon, how could you do this? Its our second anniversary.
Raj: Its your anniversary? Oh, my God, I had no idea. Amy, please, let me make this right. 
Amy: Thank you.
Raj: My pleasure. Waiter? A bottle of champagne and three glasses. Oh, boy, isnt this romantic?
Sheldon: Oh, I hope thats a rhetorical question, because I have no clue.
Scene: The apartment. 
Penny: This is great. Whats the occasion?
Leonard: No occasion. You know, things have been a little weird between us, so I wanted to throw together a fun night just for you.
Penny: That is so sweet.
Leonard: I got all your favourites. Beer, wings, sliders. We can watch the football game. I even painted my stomach.
Penny: Go Sports?
Leonard: Well, in case you were in the mood for baseball, I didnt want to look ridiculous.
Penny: This is awesome. I love it!
Leonard: Good, Im glad. 
Penny: Gosh, I worked my ass off today. This is exactly what I needed.
Leonard: Great. Just relax and enjoy. Tonight is all about you.
Penny: Ah, thank you!
Leonard: So, where exactly are we in this relationship?
Penny: Oh, come on. I just told you I had a hard day.
Leonard: Youre right, Im sorry. Lets watch the game. 
Penny: Great.
Leonard: I just know the longer we wait to talk about it, the weirder it gets.
Penny: Sweetie, can I just be the girl tonight?
Leonard: Absolutely. Youre the girl, Im the guy. Now, you watch your football game while I make you a little plate here.
Penny: Thank you. (Knock on door)
Leonard: Oh, Ill get it. Go sports.
Raj: Hello-lo-lo.
Leonard: What are you doing here? I thought you were out with Sheldon and Amy.
Raj: I was, but its their anniversary and I didnt want to be a third wheel, so I figured Id come over here and hang out with you and Penny on your date.
Leonard: Well, its not really a great time. Penny and I have some things we need to talk about.
Penny: No, we dont! Come on in!
Raj: Sweet!
Leonard: I cant believe I shaved my stomach for this.
Scene: The International Space Station
Dimitri: Hey, Froot Loops. You got a phone call.
Howard: Who is it?
Dimitri: A woman who says shes your mother but sounds like your father.
Howard: Hey, Ma. You know, we could see each other if you turn on the computer.
Mrs Wolowitz (off): Im not going near that fakakta thing. Ill catch a computer virus.
Howard: You cant catch a computer virus.
Mrs Wolowitz (off): Oh, so now youre an astronaut and a doctor?
Howard: What do you want, Ma?
Mrs Wolowitz (off): Your wife says you have something important to tell me.
Howard: Okay, here it is. Bernadette and I are starting a life together and
Mrs Wolowitz (off): Oh, God! You are gonna leave me.
Howard: Ma
Mrs Wolowitz (off): Its okay. Your father left me, you left me, I guess Im just the kind of person people like to leave.
Howard: Its not definite. Ill talk to Bernadette.
Mrs Wolowitz (off): Dont bother. Ill just go sit in a hole in the ground so Im no trouble when I die.
Howard: Stop it, Ma. Im sure I can get Bernie to come around.
Mrs Wolowitz (off): I knew it. I knew she was behind this. You listen to me, if you want to be a man you cant let a woman tell you what to do.
Howard: Okay, okay.
Dimitri: Oy. I cant believe these people won the Cold War.
Howard: Now, can we please change the subject?
Mrs Wolowitz (off): Fine. Explain why youve been gone so long and I havent gotten a single letter. Not even a lousy postcard.
Scene: The apartment.
Raj: You know, Im growing to like American football. 
Penny: Yeah, its fun, isnt it?
Raj: Well, its not the balls-to-the-wall action of badminton or cricket, but hey, what is?
Penny: All right, whos ready for another beer?
Leonard: Im good.
Raj: No, thank you.
Penny: Girls.
Raj: Oh, Im having the nicest time. You guys are like family to me. You know that, right?
Leonard: Thats great. Get out.
Raj: What? Why?
Leonard: Penny and I have some issues we need to talk about.
Raj: Oh pish on your issues. You guys are fine. Yes, you hit some bumps along the way. I mean, Penny, youve always known how this man has felt about you, but you made him grovel for affection.
Penny: Okay, hold on
Raj: Now, dont blame yourself. He was a groveller from way back. But the point is, the two of you got past it. And, Leonard, you go and propose to this poor girl in the middle of sex? That was some weak tea, dude.
Leonard: Some people might say it was romantic.
Raj: Yeah, no. But yet, here you two are, still together. And thats even after you and I had our crazy naked night.
Leonard: Okay.
Penny: Thats enough.
Raj: Im just saying that after everything youve been through, you get to look into each others eyes and say I love you. And thats beautiful.
Leonard: Actually, to this day, shes never really said it.
Raj: Oh, Penny. Thats ridiculous. You know you love him. You, you look him in the eyes and you say it. 
Penny: Raj.
Raj: Oh come on, you know you want to say it. Say it. Say you love him. Say it!
Scene: The hallway. Raj is ejected from the apartment.
Raj: I really thought she would say it.
Scene: The restaurant.
Amy: Have I ever told you youre like a sexy praying mantis? 
Sheldon: Every time you drink alcohol.
Amy: You know whats wonderful about the praying mantis? They devour their mate.
Sheldon: Your point being?
Amy: Dessert is served.
Sheldon: I just had cobbler.
Amy: You know what? Im done with this.
Sheldon: W-Where are you going?
Amy: Im leaving.
Sheldon: You cant leave. I need you.
Amy: You do?
Sheldon: Yes. Youre my ride.
Amy: Sheldon, you either say something meaningful and from the heart, or you and I are done.
Sheldon: All right. Please. Amy, when I look in your eyes and youre looking back in mine, everything feels not quite normal, because I feel stronger and weaker at the same time. I feel excited and, at the same time, terrified. The truth is, I dont know what I feel, except I know what kind of man I want to be.
Amy: Sheldon, that was beautiful.
Sheldon: I should hope so. Thats from the first Spider-Man movie.
Amy: Ill take it.
Sheldon: Good. Now, I assume were splitting the cheque?
Scene: The Comic Book Store.
Raj: Hey, Stuart.
Stuart: Oh, hey. I was actually just about to close up.
Raj: Oh, Im sorry. Ill leave.
Stuart: No, no. Its okay. Hang out. 
Raj: You sure?
Stuart: Yeah, youre my first customer today.
Raj: All right. Great.
Stuart: Im, uh, having a nightcap. You want to join me?
Raj: What are you drinking?
Stuart: Coffee liqueur in a Chewbacca mug. I call it a sad-tini.
Raj: Perfect for the night Im having. Thank you.
Stuart: Hmm. Nice not to drink alone.
Raj: Amen to that. Sometimes I pour a little chardonnay into my dogs water bowl.
Stuart: Youre kidding.
Raj: Shes kind of a mean drunk, but what are you gonna do?
Stuart: Cheers.
Raj: Cheers.
Stuart: A little music?
Raj: Sure. Mmm. Bossa nova. You listen to that with your hips as well as your ears.
Stuart: Mmm.
Raj: Oh. Something about latin music just makes me feel like Im on a white sand beach in Rio.
Stuart: Yeah. The sun, the waves, the beautiful bodies, tanned and glistening with sweat.
Raj: I should go.
Stuart: Yeah.
Raj: Uh, thank you for the drink.
Stuart: No problem.
Raj: Hey, Stuart.
Stuart: Yeah?
Raj: Do you want to hang out tomorrow night, maybe grab a bite to eat or catch a late movie?
Stuart: Yeah, I-Id like to, but Im a little tight on funds.
Raj: No problem. My treat. Ill swing by after work.
Stuart: Okay.
Raj: Okay.
Stuart: I could do worse.
Scene: The International Space Station
Bernadette: Aw, thats such good news, Howie. Thank you for telling her.
Howard: Hey, Im a grown man. Im gonna live with my wife. My mothers just gonna have to learn to make do on her own.
Bernadette: Was she upset?
Howard: Who can tell? She yells everything. She might have been upset. She might have been hungry.
Bernadette: Thanks for fixing it. I love you.
Howard: I love you, too. Sweet dreams. Ill talk to you tomorrow?
Bernadette: Good night, Rocket Man.
Howard: To infinity and beyond, baby.
Dimitri: Loops. You realize you just lied your ass off to your wife and your mother.
Howard: I know.
Dimitri: What are you gonna do when you get back to Earth?
Howard: Oh, Im never going back.

