Scene: The Cheesecake Factory
Raj: So, couldnt help but notice none of you RSVPd to my murder mystery dinner party.
Leonard: Oh, yeah. We were meaning to do that.
Raj: No, you werent because it was a week ago and nobody came. So, if you want to solve the mystery of who stabbed Koothrappali in the back with the weapon of indifference, it was all of you.
Sheldon: I dont think thatqualifies as a mystery, we all knew what we were doing.
Amy: Were sorry, Rajesh. 
Bernadette: Maybe we can do it next week.
Howard: Whoa, whoa, were not that sorry.
Raj: Dont worry, I can take a hint. No more murder mystery parties.
Leonard: Great. 
Sheldon: Thank you.
Howard: Hallelujah.
Raj: Because Ive got something even better planned.
Leonard: Aw.
Howard: Why?
Sheldon: Come on.
Raj: Just hear me out. Im going to make you guys a scavenger hunt like they have at M.I.T.
Howard: Oh, I loved those. I did them every year there.
Leonard: We did them at Princeton, too.
Howard: Oh, thats cute. Like its a real college.
Sheldon: Thats amusing, I was going to say that about M.I.T., but it works for Princeton, too.
Amy: Scavenger hunts at Harvard were really tough. I always got stuck on the first challenge, trying to find someone to be on a team with me. I guess that storys more sad than funny.
Penny: I love scavenger hunts. My friends and I had them all the time.
Leonard: Oh, these are a little different. Theres a tradition at elite universities
Howard: And Princeton.
Leonard: A tradition of hunts full of puzzles that rely on logic and obscure knowledge, science.
Penny: Oh, in ours we would just run around town looking for a store that would sell us beer.
Raj: So, uh, whos in?
Leonard: I think it sounds fun.
Amy: Yeah, me, too.
Various: Im in, lets do it.
Sheldon: Im sorry. Are we really doing this or are we tricking Koothrappali again like with the dinner party?
Credits sequence.
Scene: The apartment.
Leonard: Whats all this?
Sheldon: Oh, everything I could possibly need to win the scavenger hunt.
Leonard: You really think hes gonna send us to a bowling alley?
Sheldon: Well, if he does, do you know how filthy those rental balls are? They might as well stand on the corner and give away free rectal exams.
Raj: Okay, everybody. Whos ready for a scavenger hunt? (Pumping disco music) Somewhere in the city of Pasadena, Ive hidden a golden coin. You will be faced with a total of ten puzzles. Each p (cough) each, each puzzle will lead you to the location of the next, the last of which will lead you to the coin. The first team that finds it wins.
Sheldon: He is a born showman.
Raj: Any questions?
Howard: Yes, to be fair, do people who went to Princeton get a head start?
Leonard: Its not funny.
Sheldon: No, Oh, it actually is if you get the joke. Its based on the premise that Princeton isnt a very good school. 
Leonard: Ha-ha.
Sheldon: Oh, see? Now he gets it.
Raj: Okay, guys, go ahead and divide yourselves into teams of two.
Bernadette: Should we just do couples?
Leonard: Couples sounds great. Or we could mix things up. Maybe pick names out of a hat. Whatever.
Penny: Whoa, whoa, whoa. Why dont you just admit you dont want to be on a team with me.
Leonard: I just said, couples sound great.
Penny: Mm-hmm, yeah, you dont think Im smart enough. You think Im gonna be a liability. Even though I totally just used the word liability correctly in a sentence. Yeah.
Leonard: All right, lets, lets do couples. I want to.
Penny: No, no. Lets mix things up. I choose Sheldon, and were gonna kick your ass!
Sheldon: Really? The only time Im ever picked first for a team and Im stuck with the liability?
Amy: Stop that. Penny is not a liability.
Penny: Thank you. Do you want to be on my team?
Amy: Maybe we pick names out of a hat.
Scene: Pennys apartment. (Montage with scenes in the apartment and Leonards bedroom) 
Penny: All right, hurry up and close the door so they cant hear us. Would you stop pouting? So, you picked my name. Get over it.
Sheldon: Yes, and do you know what the odds are Id pick your name?
Penny: No.
Sheldon: Its not hard, one in five. Now you know why Im pouting.
Raj (over walkie-talkie): All right, teams. Get ready to open your first puzzle. Go. Do you see what I did? The first puzzle is a puzzle. Oh, my God, how adorable is that? I wish I had a friend like me.
Sheldon: What are you doing? You have to start with the edges.
Penny: Well, theres no right way, Sheldon. I already found a few pieces that fit.
Sheldon: Yeah, well, take them apart and start with the edges. And stop wasting time.
Howard: Wow, youre really good at puzzles.
Amy: I did them all the time as a kid. As my mom used to say, when youre doing a puzzle, its like having a thousand friends. She was full of fun lies like that.
Howard: If it makes you feel any better, my moms just full of pound cake.
Amy: Im sorry you got stuck with me. I bet you wanted to be with Bernadette.
Howard: Have you ever played a game with Bernadette?
Amy: No.
Howard: Have you ever gone into a steel cage with a wolverine?
Bernadette: Faster, faster, faster! Do you not know that word? It means more fast!
Leonard: Stop yelling at me.
Bernadette: Hey, youll know when Im yelling at you.
Penny: Ooh, ooh, its the comic book store. All right, come on, thats where we have to go.
Sheldon: But we havent finished the puzzle.
Penny: But, it, it doesnt matter. We know the answer, come on.
Sheldon: You think you know the answer. But it could be a trick. What if when the puzzles complete, theres a sign in the window that says go to the train store?
Penny: Okay, its not gonna say that.
Sheldon: Well, I hope youre wrong. I really want to go to the train store.
Howard: Its the comic book store. Lets go.
Bernadette: Come on, numb nuts, its the comic book store.
Penny: Its the comic book store, its the comic book store, its the comic book store.
Sheldon: Its the comic book store.
Scene: Leonards car.
Leonard: Do you think Pennys mad at me?
Bernadette: Because youre in the right lane behind a bus and you wont go around it? Im sure she finds it charming.
Leonard: No, because I didnt want her on my team.
Bernadette: Im starting to think she dodged a bullet. The slowest bullet in the world.
Leonard: Geez, I never realized you were so competitive.
Bernadette: Yeah, I know. Its, its probably because I grew up with five brothers and sisters so I had to fight for every Oh, my God, you did not just slow down for a bird, you know they fly, right?
Scene: Howards car.
Amy: I think this is the first time weve ever actually been alone together.
Howard: Huh, I guess youre right. Wonder why that is?
Amy: Well, off the top of my head, Id say we dont have a lot in common except for the people were involved with. Plus, when we first met, Penny warned me never to get into a car alone with you.
Howard: Yeah. You know, I bet you and I have more in common than we think.
Amy: Such as?
Howard: I dont know. Tell me some things you like.
Amy: Uh, lets see. I like harps, Little House on the Prairie, medieval poetry, medieval literature
Howard: Hey, how about some music?
Amy: Great. Sheldon never lets me listen to music in the car. He doesnt want to be mistaken for a gang member. 
Howard: Find something you like.
Amy: Beatles, boring. Eminem, scary. Weird Al? How old are you? Neil Diamond?
Howard: Yeah, I love Neil Diamond.
Amy: I love Neil Diamond.
Both: Sweet Caroline, bum-ba-da, good times never seemed so good, so good, so good, so good. Ive been inclined
Scene: The comic book store.
Raj: Oh, hey, thanks for letting me use the comic book store as part of the scavenger hunt.
Stuart: Oh, my pleasure. Always happy to help out with fun things that I wasnt invited to be a part of.
Raj: Oh, congratulations. Youre the first team to arrive.
Amy: Yes, its not a ruse to make fun of me. Its a real game and Im winning it.
Raj: Your next puzzle is a riddle. And who better to give it to you than The Riddler?
Bernadette: Go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go! How am I faster than you? Im in heels and I stopped to take a phone call.
Leonard: I have asthma. Back off.
Howard: Riddle me this. Arrah, Arrah, and gather round, the work of this hero is legion-bound. He multiplies N by the number of He, and in this room the thing youll see.
Raj: Good riddle, huh?
Stuart: Yeah. So when you guys plan fun activities, does my name even come up, or?
Raj: I invited you to my murder mystery party.
Stuart: No, you didnt. 
Raj: Oh.
Penny: Ugh, were the last ones here, hurry up.
Sheldon: It is a marathon, not a sprint.
Penny: People run in a marathon.
Sheldon: Not with a bowling ball on their back.
Leonard: Hey, Penny, I just wanted to say good luck, and I hope theres no hard feelings.
Bernadette: Hey, Romeo. Repair your relationship on your own time.
Leonard: Relax, its a hard puzzle. Its gonna take a while to solve.
Penny: Riddle me this
Sheldon: Got it.
Penny: Hey, Princeton, look at that, Team Community College Night School is in the lead.
Sheldon: I thought we were the Lightning Sharks.
Howard: Hey, you know what this could mean (whispers).
Amy: Oh, oh, thats good. Then this would be (whispers back)
Howard: Thats it. 
Amy: To the Neil Mobile.
Bernadette: I knew it, were gonna lose.
Leonard: Wait, I got it. I got it/
Bernadette: Congratulations, you got it last. 
Leonard: Youre really mean, you know that?
Stuart: So no ones gonna buy anything.
Scene: The geology lab at the University. 
Penny: Aha. Okay, lets see. To continue on your quest, leave no stone unturned. Ooh.
Sheldon: The next clue must be hidden under one of these rocks.
Penny: Oh. Okay. Sheldon, I, Ive got to ask, how did you figure out that it was the geology lab?
Sheldon: Oh, simple, the arrah, arrah in the riddle mean Jan Arrah, a member of the Legion of Superheroes, known as Element Lad. And then the word He, it wasnt the masculine pronoun, but rather H e, the abbreviation for helium. See where Im going with this?
Penny: Yes.
Sheldon: Nice try. Now, Element Lads ability is the power to transmute chemical elements. Helium has an atomic number of two. If you multiply that by the atomic number of N, nitrogen, you get 14, which is the atomic number of? Im just funnin you, silicon. And that is the most common element in the Earths surface. So that narrowed it down to the geology lab or the chemistry lab.
Penny: Wow. I can drink a beer underwater.
Sheldon: And Im sure your parents are proud. Now, finally, the line in this room the thing youll see was an obvious reference to Fantastic Four member The Thing, whos made entirely of
Penny: Shut up. I solved it.
Sheldon: Those are map coordinates. Got em. Lets go.
Penny: Well, wait. Dont you want to know how I figured it out?
Sheldon: No one likes a know-it-all, Penny.
Scene: Howards car.
Howard: On the boats and on the planes. 
Amy: Theyre coming to America. 
Howard: Never looking back again. 
Amy: Theyre coming to America 
Scene: Leonards car.
Leonard: Um, Im okay with you driving my car. Im not okay with you flying my car.
Bernadette: Dont sweat it, my dads a cop. He can fix things.
Leonard: Uh-huh. Like death?
Bernadette (out of the window): Your kid may be an honour student but youre a moron.
Leonard: Pennys not answering my texts.
Bernadette: Who cares? Focus on the game.
Leonard: This stupid game is why shes mad in the first place. Im telling her Im quitting.
Bernadette: No. Quitting would be the worst thing for your relationship.
Leonard: Why?
Bernadette: Because it would make you seem like something she already thinks you are. 
Leonard: What does she think I am?
Bernadette: How do I put this? Shes been known to call you a name that usually applies to a lady part. Or a cat. Or a willow.
Leonard: I cant believe she would say that about me.
Bernadette: If youre gonna cry about it theres tissues in my purse. Unless you got some in yours. Big willow.
Scene: Howards car.
Howard: Theyre coming to America, Theyre coming to America.
Amy: Today!
Howard: Today!
Together: Today! Today!
Scene: Pennys car.
Sheldon: Okay, another 30 feet.
Penny: Okay. Oh, its a bowling alley.
Sheldon: Yes. Yes. My brain is better than everybodys.
Scene: The geology lab.
Howard: Love on the rocks. 
Amy: Aint no big surprise.
Howard: Just pour me a drink.
Amy: And Ill tell you some lies. 
Scene: The apartment stairwell. Leonard is lowering himself down the lift shaft.
Leonard: Call me a lady part. Well see about that.
Bernadette: Can you reach the clue?
Leonard: Almost.
Bernadette: Hurry, Sheldon and Penny were right behind us in the bowling alley.
Leonard: Got it.
Bernadette: Great, climb back up. Come on.
Leonard: Yeah, Penny might be onto something.
Scene: Pennys car. 
Sheldon: To the planetarium.
Penny: Lets go.
Scene: Leonards car.
Leonard: To the tar pits.
Bernadette: Lets go.
Scene: Howards car.
Amy: Theres a Neil Diamond concert next month.
Howard: Lets go.
Scene: The laundry room.
Penny: Three bags, no ones opened em. were the first ones here.
Sheldon: Its dirty laundry. Youre up.
Penny: What? Why me?
Sheldon: Because youve been training for this your whole life. You live in a pile of dirty laundry.
Bernadette: Theyre here first. This is because you made me slow down for that blind guy.
Penny: Okay, the clue must be in the bag.
Leonard: The clue must be in the bag.
Penny: Its just a bunch of pants.
Leonard: Its just a bunch of pants.
Penny: You know, Im surprised you want to copy my answers since Im not even smart enough to be on your team. 
Leonard: Well, why would you want to be on someones team who you like to call a, I cant even say it in front of Sheldon.
Penny: What are you talking about?
Leonard: You know exactly what Im talking about.
Bernadette: No, she doesnt. I just made that up.
Leonard: Why would you do that?
Bernadette: Because you were about to quit like a big, Sheldon, cover your ears.
Sheldon: Im not a child. I know the word ninny.
Penny: Yeah, well, you should have quit cause Im still gonna beat your ass.
Bernadette: Wish I had a man like her on my team.
Leonard: Hey, I am every bit as much of a man as Penny. Now, lets do this.
Sheldon: Wait, its not all pants, theres one shirt.
Penny: Oh.
Sheldon: Hey, thats my shirt.
Leonard: This one is, too.
Sheldon: No, no, thats not mine. It has a big spot on it.
Penny: But wait. So does this one.
Bernadette: Maybe the spots the clue.
Penny: Sheldons spot. The coin is in your spot.
Sheldon: Oh, thats clever.
Penny (off): Hurry.
Sheldon: Be there in a minute. I just have to pre-soak these.
Scene: The stairwell.
Bernadette: Stop her, Leonard, stop her.
Penny: Well, where the hells the coin?
Leonard: Wasnt the answer Sheldons spot?
Raj: Oh, yes, Leonard. Yes, it was.
Bernadette: Then wheres the coin?
Raj: Yes, exactly. Where is the coin? Why dont you look in your pockets? I slipped them in there earlier today.
Penny: I dont get it.
Raj: Dont you see? When were all having fun together, were already winners. Oh, look. See? Even Im a winner.
Leonard: Are you kidding me?
Penny: That is the stupidest thing Ive ever heard. 
Bernadette: You suck so hard.
Raj: Well, I thought Come on, I didnt want anyone to feel bad at the end of the game. And some of those puzzles were really hard and I didnt know who was gonna get Penny.
Penny: Run.
Raj: Okay, okay, that-that came out wrong, but you have to admit, you all had a wonderful time.
Penny: Run to India.
Raj: I just wanted to do something beautiful.
Sheldon (entering): Hey, look. I won.
Scene: The Cheesecake Factory, karaoke night.
Howard: Hey, she got the way to move me, Cherry,
Amy: She got the way to groove me.
Howard: Cherry, baby
Amy: She got the way to move me, honey.
Together: She got the way to groove me. She got the way to move me.
Howard: Cherry
Together: She got the way to groove me, yeah!
