Scene: The apartment
Howard: Im thinking about growing a goatee.
Raj: Oh, actually thats a Van Dyke. A goatee is just hair on the chin.
Leonard: Oh. Wait, then what is it if you just have hair up here?
Raj: You mean a moo-stache?
Leonard: Moo-stache.
Howard: He said it.
Raj: Ha-ha, very funny. Make fun of the foreign guy. For your information, there are four times as many Indians as there are Americans, so the way we say it is right.
Howard: Say what?
Raj: Moo-stache.
Leonard: Moo-stache.
Howard: He said it.
Bernadette: Guys, youre being childish.
Sheldon: Yeah, shes right. Youre grown men, the kind who are perfectly capable of growing your own moo-staches.
Amy: Hey, you were funny on purpose, good job.
Penny: Hi. Sorry Im late, I was at an audition.
Leonard: Oh, Im sorry.
Sheldon: Youll get em next time.
Penny: How about instead of assuming I failed, you ask me how it went?
Leonard: Sorry. How did it go?
Penny: Just shut up.
Raj: Here, you can have your seat.
Penny: No, no, no, stay there. Im fine on the floor.
Bernadette: Have you guys ever thought about getting a dining room table?
Amy: Yeah. You actually do have room for one up there.
Raj: Oh, sure, I sit on the floor for years, no one cares. The pretty white girls there ten seconds, and suddenly were all running to IKEA.
Sheldon: No one is running anywhere. Were not getting a dining room table.
Leonard: I know you dont like change, but its not a terrible idea.
Penny: Yeah, you guys never use that space up there. Why not get a table?
Sheldon: Do you want the long answer or the short answer?
Howard: Hey, how come we never get that option?
Sheldon: Chaos theory suggests that even in a deterministic system, if the equations describing its behaviour are non-linear, a tiny change in the initial conditions can lead to a cataclysmic and unpredictable result.
Penny: Translation?
Leonard: Waah. I dont want a table.
Credits sequence.
Scene: The apartment.
Leonard: Hey, Penny and I are gonna go shop for a dining room table. You want to come with us?
Sheldon: You know, Id love to, but, um, Im too busy falling back in love with Windows 98.
Leonard: Seriously? You havent used this desk in years. The second I want to get rid of it, youre up here working?
Sheldon: I cant talk right now, I have several thousand updates to install.
Leonard: Are you really gonna sit here all day?
Sheldon: Think of me as Arthur Dent in Hitchhikers Guide to the Galaxy, lying in front of the bulldozers to protect his home.
Leonard: If youll recall, the Vogon fleet blew up the Earth anyway.
Sheldon: Its a made-up story, Leonard, I dont even know why youre talking about it.
Leonard: Im putting all this stuff in storage. We dont need any of it.
Sheldon: You, how can you say that? You show me one thing in here we can live without.
Leonard: Oh, hang on. Check your in-box.
Sheldon: Wait. Is this really worth it? Weve lived together for years with nary an argument.
Leonard: Huh?
Sheldon: But we start talking about a table, and suddenly were at each others throats.
Leonard: Nary an argument? Nary?
Sheldon: Well, that means not one, or not any. Maybe instead of a table, you should buy a dictionary. Well, I dont know if I won that, but at least hes upset.
Scene: Howard and Bernadettes apartment.
Howard: Check it out.
Raj: Magic wand TV remote?
Howard: Yeah, I can control all sorts of stuff.
Raj: Did Bernadette think it was cool?
Howard: Not when I said mute and pointed it at her face.
Raj: Oh, uh, let me try. Uh, channelis changeroni. This might be my second favorite brown magic wand.
Howard: Well, thats the last time I play with that. (Phone rings) I have to take this. Hello? 00:04:24,137
Raj: Uh, off. And on. And the Oprah Network. This is so much better than watching TV like a muggle.
Howard: Okay. Thank you. Well be in touch. Youre not gonna believe this.
Raj: Whats going on? Oh. Wait. On. And off. Whats going on?
Howard: That was NASA. They want me to go back up to the space station.
Raj: Wow. What did you tell them?
Howard: I told them Id be honoured.
Raj: A second trip to space, Ill miss you.
Howard: And Im gonna miss you, too.
Raj: And I just want you to know, Im happy to look in on Bernadette while youre gone.
Howard: Thank you.
Raj: And if anything were to happen to you, we will name our first born son Howard. Im just kidding. Well name him Dalib, after my grandfather.
Scene: A furniture store.
Penny: Ooh, this one looks nice.
Leonard: No. Sheldon doesnt like reclaimed wood.
Penny: Why not?
Leonard: Hes afraid the original owners will come back.
Penny: Yeah. Well, Sheldons not here.
Leonard: Well, he is here. So unless you want to dig him out with a bone saw and a melon baller, theres nothing I can do about it.
Penny: All right, sweetie, youre paying for this table, and its your apartment, too.
Leonard: I know, but
Penny: No buts. You got to stop letting him boss you around.
Leonard: Youre right. I mean, he decides what TV shows we watch, what food we eat, who my favourite hobbit is. I wanted Frodo, but we cant both have Frodo, so guess whos stuck with Samwise Gamgee.
Penny: See? Right there. Youre a grown man, you should be able to pick whichever hobbit you want. Wish you wouldnt, but one problem at a time.
Leonard: You make a lot of sense. I like this table, and Im getting it.
Penny: Really? This one?
Leonard: That one? Damn right I like that one.
Scene: Howard and Bernadettes apartment.
Bernadette: Hey.
Howard: Good news. Someone in this room gets to take a ride on a rocket.
Bernadette: Fine. Can I at least shower first?
Howard: No, not that. Although you already agreed to it, so no take-backs.
Bernadette: What are you talking about?
Howard: Sit down. NASA called. The telescope mount I installed on the space station got damaged, and they want me to go back up and fix it.
Bernadette: Wow. Well, what did you say?
Howard: What do you think I said? I said yes. Why do you look surprised?
Bernadette: Well, its just, after last time, I didnt think youd ever want to go back.
Howard: Are you kidding? It was the greatest experience of my life.
Bernadette: Really? Cause I kind of remember a lot of complaining and wishing for it to be over.
Howard: I think you have me confused with whats gonna happen when you get out of that shower.
Scene: The apartment.
Leonard: Hey, all set. What do you think? Theres plenty of room for everybody, a view out the window.
Sheldon: My spot on the couch has a great view of a window. Sometimes I can see space battles through it. Its called a TV.
Penny: Give it a chance, Sheldon, you might actually like it.
Sheldon: Youre absolutely right. Nope.
Penny: Well, you cant say he didnt give it a fair shot.
Sheldon: So, when can we get rid of it?
Leonard: Were not.
Sheldon: What about the roommate agreement? It specifically states that any changes in furnishing have to be approved by the Furnishing Committee. Which only sits on alternate years. Yeah, and by the way, it sits over there.
Penny: Come on, that is ridiculous.
Leonard: Shes right, a committee that important should meet more often.
Penny: Thats not what Im saying.
Leonard: Oh. This is the thing about me standing up to him and not letting him run my life?
Penny: Yes.
Leonard: That.
Sheldon: Okay. I think weve found the problem here. Its not the table at all. Its you.
Penny: Me?
Leonard: Well, its always me, take one for the team.
Sheldon: I have spent years turning this lump of clay into an acceptable conduit for my will, and then you came along and reshaped him, with your newfangled ideas and your fancy genitals.
Penny: Are you gonna let him talk to me like this?
Leonard: Fancy sounds like a compliment.
Penny: Okay, I have not tried to change Leonard. Thats just what happens in relationships. Look how much Amys changed you.
Sheldon: Thats not true.
Penny: Oh, please. When I first met you, you were incapable of touching another human being. Now youre holding hands, youre going on dates, you even made out with her on a train.
Sheldon: She told you?
Penny: Of course she told me, its the most interesting thing thats ever happened to her in her entire life.
Leonard: Youre too close to it, but Amy has had a huge impact on you.
Sheldon: Youre right. Without realizing it, Ive allowed that woman to alter my personality.
Leonard: Mm, Sheldon, you didnt have a personality, you just had some shows you liked.
Sheldon: No. No, Ive changed. Like the frog whos put in a pot of water thats heated so gradually he doesnt realize hes boiling to death.
Penny: Or youre the frog whos been kissed by a princess and turned into a prince.
Leonard: Or youre just a tall, annoying frog.
Sheldon: Excuse me. I have to break up with my girlfriend.
Penny: Oh, Sheldon, wait.
Sheldon: No. Youve opened my eyes to the truth. Amy has made me a more affectionate, open-minded person. And that stops now.
Leonard: Well, we should call her.
Penny: Yeah, mm-hmm. Amy, its Penny. Hey. Just a little heads-up. Leonard bought a dining room table. Yeah. Sheldons breaking up with you.
Scene: Amys apartment.
Sheldon: (Knock, knock, knock) Amy? (Knock, knock, knock) Amy? (Knock, knock, knock) Amy? Ill get right to the point. I think we need to end this relationship, so just sign this with your finger, and, uh, please dont cry on my iPad, I didnt get AppleCare.
Amy: Im not surprised you want to end the relationship. Im a little surprised you didnt get AppleCare. Anyway, enjoy your life. Where do I sign?
Sheldon: At the bottom. I must say, Im relieved youre not making more of a scene out of this.
Amy: Oh, Ive already moved on. Besides, this breakup has nothing to do with me.
Sheldon: It doesnt?
Amy: Of course not. This is just Leonard trying to take the focus off that dreadful table by sowing discord in our relationship. Hes manipulating you like he always does.
Sheldon: Wait, wait, now, hang on. You think he manipulates me?
Amy: All the time. And he knew that, as your girlfriend, I wasnt gonna stand by and let him bring a table into your apartment. I mean, a table? Come on?
Sheldon: It is hideous.
Amy: Well, thankfully, I wont have to see it, cause I wont be your girlfriend anymore. Amy Farrah Fowler. Why, yes, I would like to take a survey.
Sheldon: Wait. You were really gonna stand by me against the dining room table?
Amy: Of course I was.
Sheldon: Wait. How do I know that youre not manipulating me right now?
Amy: I think if I were manipulating you, youd be smart enough to see it.
Sheldon: How do I know youre not saying that as part of the manipulation?
Amy: I think youd be smart enough to see that, too.
Sheldon: Okay. Im sorry I gave you such a hard time, I just had to be sure.
Scene: Howard and Bernadettes apartment.
Raj: Its pretty exciting that NASA wants to send Howard back up.
Bermadette: Yeah, exciting. Can I ask you something?
Raj: Course.
Bernadette: He hated that entire experience. Does it make me an awful wife if I dont think he should do it again?
Raj: Not at all. Hes forgotten how miserable he was the entire time he was up there. Its like me in those moments when I miss India.
Bernadette: So youll talk to him?
Raj: Why me?
Bernadette: Well, Im his wife, I dont want to ruin it for him.
Raj: Thats the dynamic, Im the fun one, youre the buzzkill.
Bernadette: Since when am I the buzzkill?
Raj: Do you think this is cool?
Bernadette: No, I think its stupid.
Raj: Aha.
Bernadette: Youre right, its great.
Scene: The apartment.
Sheldon: Hello.
Leonard: Oh, hey. You guys didnt break up.
Sheldon: No. Sorry to disappoint you, but Amy pointed out that you were only trying to manipulate me.
Amy: Which you also figured out by yourself.
Sheldon: Which I also figured out by myself.
Penny: Well, Im glad youre still together.
Sheldon: Yeah, okay, you can stop trying to make this about our relationship.
Amy: Which is stronger than ever.
Sheldon: Which is stronger than ever. This is about you trying to change my environment, which was perfect the way it was.
Howard: But it got the way it was through change. The-the-the spot that you love to sit in, that no one else can sit in, only exists because, despite your objections. I bought this couch. Me. So explain why that change was bad and this change was good.
Sheldon: Um.
Amy: You dont need to explain yourself to him.
Sheldon: I dont need to explain myself to you!
Amy: Youre sick of his nonsense and ready to move in with me.
Sheldon: Keep the table. We dont use that space.
Amy: Damn it, I got cocky.
Scene: Howard and Bernadettes apartment.
Howard: Hey, Bernie. Im home. Hello.
Bernadette: Hi, honey.
Howard: Whats going on?
Bernadette: Maybe you should have a seat.
Howard: Um, okay. I know my moms not dead, thered be balloons.
Raj: Um, okay. First off, know that we all love you and cherish you.
Mike Rostenkowski: Well, I wouldnt
Bernadette: Daddy.
Mike R: Youre great.
Mike Massimino (on skype): Can I say something?
Raj: Oh, of course.
Mike M: Hey, Fruit Loops.
Howard: Massimino? Why are you here?
Mike M: Well, I heard you were thinking about going back up to the space station, and as someone whos been there with you, well, you know how astronauts need to have the right stuff?
Howard: Sure.
Mike M: The stuff you have is wrong.
Howard: You dont think I did a good job up there?
Mike M: You did a fine job. Its just, you were scared and miserable the whole time.
Bernadette: I think what were all trying to say is, you dont seem to be remembering how traumatic the experience was for you.
Raj: Like how women often forget the pain of childbirth.
Mike R: Like a woman. Great analogy.
Howard: Fine, maybe I was a little scared.
Mike M: You peed in your space suit.
Howard: Youre supposed to do that.
Mike M: Not during the fitting.
Mike R: Son, do I need to remind you what you asked me to do before you went up last time?
Howard: Hang on. That was just me joking around.
Mike R: You wanted me to shoot you in the foot.
Howard: Come on, how is that not a joke? You got to get me out of this. Shoot me in the foot.
Bernadette: Dont forget all the other astronauts picking on you.
Raj: And how you threw up in zero gravity, and it floated back in your mouth. And you threw up again. And so on and so on.
Mike M: That was funny.
Howard: Okay, so I wasnt exactly John Glenn up there, but Ive changed. Im a different man now. Yeah, and Im a little insulted that you guys dont think I can handle it.
Mike M: You know youre gonna have to go through survival training again.
Howard: Really?
Scene: A doctors surgery.
Howard: Youve got to get me out of this.
Doctor: What do you want me to do? Youre perfectly healthy.
Howard: Check my blood pressure again. I can get it higher. just give me a second. (Dials phone) 
Mrs Wolowitz (on phone): Hello?
Howard: Hi, Ma. How are you?
Mrs Wolowitz: How I am is not dead, but you wouldnt know that, because you dont love me enough to pick up the phone.
Howard: Go, go, go.
Mrs Wolowitz: For all you know, I could have slipped in the tub and drowned. Thats what happened to your Aunt Ida.
Doctor: Wow.
Scene: The apartment.
Raj: Howard, Im so sorry your blood pressure was off the charts.
Howard: Oh, me, too. I mean, the doctor was willing to fudge the results, but it just seemed so darned dishonest.
Leonard: But the mission wouldnt be for at least a year. Isnt that enough time to get your blood pressure under
Howard: Look, my blood pressures too high, okay? Drop it.
Penny: You know, my aunt changed her diet, and in a few months, she
Howard: Went to space? I dont think so. Now, pass the soy sauce. Hey, not the green one, the red one.
Penny: Sheldon, Amy, will you please come join us?
Bernadette: Yeah, its fun up here.
Leonard: So why are you trying to ruin it?
Sheldon: No, thanks. Were fine. I mean, if you people want to eat at the table, then thats what you should do. I like eating down here because this is how weve always done things. But if those days are gone, theyre gone. It just makes me sad.
Bernadette: Now I feel bad.
Leonard: Oh, dont anthropomorphize him, hes got big eyes, but his feelings are not like ours.
Bernadette: No, it just seems silly for us to sit in two groups.
Leonard: Well, its not silly if you think of that group as being led by a big, evil baby.
Bernadette: Look at Amy down there. Should we go?
Penny: Yeah, lets go.
Leonard: But Penny, this was your idea. You said that I should stand up to him.
Penny: Forget it, Leonard. Its over.
Leonard: Fine.
Amy: Rajesh?
Raj: Screw that! I sat on the floor for seven years. Im staying right here.
Bernadette: Come on, Raj, its not the same without you.
Raj: Fine. But no more making fun of how I say tings.
Howard: You mean tings like moo-stache?
Sheldon: Well, isnt this nice. Sometimes the baby wins.
