Scene: The Cheesecake Factory.
Raj: Im telling you, if xenon emits ultraviolet light, then those dark matter discoveries must be wrong.
Sheldon: Yes, well, if we lived in a world where slow-moving xenon produced light, then youd be correct. Also, pigs would fly, my derriere would produce cotton candy, and The Phantom Menace would be a timeless classic.
Raj: Oh, youre so arrogant. If you were a superhero, your name would be Captain Arrogant. And you know what your superpower would be? Arrogance.
Sheldon: Youre wrong again. If my superpower were arrogance, my name would be Dr. Arroganto.
Howard (laughs): I love watching Raj and Sheldon try to work together.
Leonard: Yeah, its like if Alien and Predator decided to go partners in a Jamba Juice.
Raj: Has it occurred to you youre missing the big picture? If you look at neutron scattering data
Sheldon: Oh, Penny? Penny?
Penny: Whats up?
Sheldon: Nothing. I just wanted to make Raj stop talking.
Howard (after Raj whispers to him): No, no, no. He won. Suck it up.
Penny: Well, Id ask you guys if you want dessert, but I know Sheldon doesnt eat dessert on Tuesdays. And even if Raj wanted something, he couldnt tell me. Howard wont order anything, but he will come up with some sort of skeevy comment involving the words pie or cheesecake. And Leonards lactose intolerant, so he cant eat anything here without his intestines blowing up like a balloon animal.
Leonard: Hang on a second. I could have the fruit platter.
Penny: You want the fruit platter?
Leonard: Does it have melon on it?
Penny: Yeah.
Leonard: No, I cant eat melon.
Penny: Oh, Howard, heads up. Your ex-girlfriend just came in for her shift.
Leonard: When was the last time you saw her?
Howard: Oh, not since we broke up. Wow. How am I going to play this? Sophisticated and relaxed? Friendly, noncommittal? Cold and distant? (Hides under table).
Bernadette: Hi, guys.
Leonard: Hey.
Sheldon: Hello. I see you decided to go with pathetic and frightened.
Raj: Its one of his best moves.
Credits sequence.
 
Scene: Howards bedroom. Howard enters in a silk dressing gown, puts on romantic music and sets up mood lighting. Gets onto bed.
Howard: So, my dear, we meet again.
Katee Sackhoff: Hello, Howard. Ive missed you.
Howard: Ive missed you, Katee Sackhoff.
Katee Sackhoff: One question.
Howard: Anything.
Katee Sackhoff: Why am I wearing my Battlestar Galactica flight suit in bed?
Howard: Why are you in bed with me? If we start to question this, it all falls apart.
Katee Sackhoff: Sorry. Oh, ravish me, Howard. My loins ache for you.
Howard: Okay, if you insist.
Mrs Wolowitz (off): Howard, have you seen my girdle?!
Howard: No, Ma!
Mrs Wolowitz: I cant find it, and Im late for my Weight Watchers meeting!
Howard: Maybe it committed suicide! Leave me alone! Now, where were we?
Bernadette: I believe you were about to rip off my uniform with your teeth.
Howard: Bernadette? What are you doing here?
Katee Sackhoff: Well, if I had to guess, Id say Im here because you saw me earlier this evening, and youre still hung up on me.
Howard: No, Im not.
Bernadette: Clearly you are. Otherwise, based on past experience, wed be done by now.
Howard: Okay, Im a little confused here.
George Takei: Oh, my. Can I help?
Howard: Not that kind of confused.
Bernadette: Whats George Takei doing here?
Katee Sackhoff: Howard, do you have latent homosexual tendencies?
Howard: No, of course not.
George Takei: So you say. Yet, here I am.
Katee Sackhoff: George, let me ask you something. How did you deal with being typecast as a science fiction icon?
George Takei: Its difficult. You try and stretch as an actor, do Strindberg, ONeill, but all they want is, Course laid in, Captain.
Katee Sackhoff: Tell me about it. Its frackin frustrating.
Howard: Wait. Katee, why are you leaving?
Bernadette: Shes leaving because you really want to be with me.
Mrs Wolowitz: Howard, I found my girdle! It was in the dryer!
Howard: Great, Ma!
Mrs Wolowitz: I think it shrunk! Im spilling out like the Pillsbury Doughboy here!
Howard: And with that mental picture, I think were done for the evening.
Scene: The university cafeteria.
Leonard: You know, you never told me what happened between you and Bernadette.
Howard: I did a stupid thing.
Leonard: Yeah, I guessed that.
Howard: It was the kind of thing that makes it kind of hard to face her now.
Leonard: That covers anything from farting in bed to killing a homeless guy. Oh, my God. You ran over a hobo.
Howard: No. Stop asking.
Leonard: All right, fine. So you want to get back together with her, but youre too ashamed to face her because of whatever it is you did.
Howard: In a nutshell.
Leonard: Okay. Well, how about this? Kidnap Bernadette from the opera wearing a creepy mask so she doesnt know its you.
Howard: Now, you see, I dont know if youre kidding or not.
Raj: Youre being unreasonable. Why cant I have a desk?
Sheldon: Our collaboration is a work of the mind. We dont need desks.
Raj: You have a desk.
Sheldon: Correct.
Raj: But I cant have one.
Sheldon: Youre two for two.
Leonard: Why cant he have a desk, Sheldon?
Sheldon: Oh, Lord, will this day never end? As Ive explained repeatedly to Dr. Koothrappali, whose ability to comprehend the American idiom fails him when its convenient, theres absolutely no money in my budget for additional office furniture.
Raj: Oh, but theres money for a drawer full of Red Vines, a marshmallow shooting rifle, and a super executive ant farm with glow-in-the-dark sand?
Sheldon: Yes.
Howard: Okay, what if he buys his own desk?
Raj: Yeah, what if I buy my own desk?
Sheldon: Thats ridiculous.
Howard: Why?
Sheldon: Because
Raj: Yes?
Sheldon: Its my office.
Leonard: Sheldon.
Sheldon: All right, all right. He can buy his own desk.
Raj: And I can put it in your office?
Sheldon: Well, you really want to dot the Is and cross the Ts, dont you?
Leonard: Why would you want a glow-in-the-dark ant farm?
Sheldon: They do some of their best work at night.
Scene: Pennys apartment. Penny is gathering laundry.
Penny (picking up a top and sniffing it): Ah, its okay.
Sheldon (voice): (Knock, knock, knock) Penny? (Knock, knock, knock) Penny? (Knock, knock, knock) Penny? (Penny opens door. Howard is stood outside with a hand-held voice recorder.) Penny?
Howard: Would you have opened the door if you knew it was me?
Penny: Not since I found out the teddy bear you gave me had a webcam in it.
Howard: I just have a question. Does Bernadette ever talk about me?
Penny: Oh, absolutely.
Howard: She does?
Penny: Yeah, sure. Just yesterday, she asked, why is Howard hiding under the table?
Howard: She saw that, huh?
Penny: Oh, no, not at first. Right after I pointed it out.
Howard: Let me ask you something else. Is she seeing anybody?
Penny: Uh, not that I know of. Hey, while were on the subject, why did you guys break up anyway?
Howard: Oh, Id rather not say.
Penny: Howard, if you want my help, Ive got to know what happened.
Howard: But its embarrassing.
Penny: Yeah, thats what Im counting on. Spill.
Howard: Okay. Well, you know World of Warcraft?
Penny: Um, the online game? Sure.
Howard: Well, did you know that the characters in the game can have sex with each other?
Penny: Oh, God. I think I see where this is going.
Howard: Her name was Glissinda the Troll. Bernadette walked in on me while we were doing the cyber-nasty under the Bridge of Souls.
Penny: Oh, youre right. That is so embarrassing.
Howard: Would you talk to her?
Penny: Bernadette or the troll?
Howard: Bernadette. She was so mad at me, she wouldnt even listen to my side of the story.
Penny: Well, what was your side?
Howard: Well, for all we know, Glissinda the Troll wasnt even a real woman. I mean, she couldve been a 50-year-old truck driver in New Jersey.
Penny: Really? And that didnt make her feel better?
Howard: Will you talk to her, see if theres any chance at all we could get back together?
Penny: Oh, gee, Howard, I really dont want to get in the middle of this.
Howard: No. Why would you? Im just another lonely nerd, living with his mother, trying to find any scrap of happiness he can. You know, maybe to make up for the fact that his dad left him when he was 11.
Penny: Okay, I will think about it.
Howard: You know, Ive always blamed myself for him leaving. I always thought it was because I wasnt the son he wanted.
Penny: Yeah, I said Id think about it.
Howard: I wasnt athletic, yeah, I was kind of sickly.
Penny: Okay, fine. Look, look, Im calling her now! See?
Howard: Thank you.
Scene: A corridor at the university.
Leonard: So anyway, Howard asked Penny to talk to Bernadette, and she did, and Bernadette agreed to meet him for a cup of coffee.
Sheldon: One question.
Leonard: Yeah?
Sheldon: Why on earth are you telling me all this?
Leonard: I dont know. Sometimes your movements are so lifelike, I forget youre not a real boy.
(Sheldon opens his office door. It bangs against a desk. Inside, Raj is sat behind a huge, ornate antique wooden desk in an enormous antique swivel chair.)
Raj: You said I could buy a desk.
Sheldon: This isnt a desk. This is a Brobdingnagian monstrosity.
Raj: Is that the American idiom for giant, big-ass desk?
Sheldon: Its actually British.
Raj: Can you say it again for me?
Sheldon: Brobdingnagian.
Raj: One more time?
Sheldon: Brobdingnagian.
Raj: Now three times fast?
Sheldon: Brobdingnagian, Brobdingna How did you even get it in here?
Raj: Thats for me, Ramon, Julio, Jesus and Rodrigo to know and you to find out.
Sheldon: All right, youve made your point. A fine prank, very amusing. Now get it out.
Raj: No.
Sheldon: Yes.
Raj: No.
Sheldon: Yes.
Raj: No.
Sheldon: Yes.
Raj: I have three brothers and two sisters, Sheldon, I can do this all day.
Sheldon: All right, if youre not going to remove it, Ill remove it for you.
Raj: Knock yourself out.
Sheldon: Help me move my desk.
Raj: No.
Sheldon: Yes.
Raj: No.
Sheldon: Yes.
Raj: No. Its too Brobdingnagian.
Sheldon: Why do you even want this here? Its size is completely disproportionate to its purpose.
Raj: Well, seeing as its purpose was to piss you off, Id say its spot-on.
Sheldon: All right, I see whats going on. This is the opening salvo in what will be an escalating series of juvenile tit-for-tat exchanges. Well titted.
Raj: Thank you.
Sheldon: Stand by for my upcoming tat.
Raj: Hey, Sheldon?
Sheldon: Yes?
Raj: No. See what I did there? I turned it around.
Scene: The Cheesecake Factory
Bernadette: Sorry, I had to clock out.
Howard: Oh, no, thats okay. How have you been?
Bernadette: Okay. You know, busy, school, work. You?
Howard: Same. I took a scuba-diving course over the summer, but it turns out Im terrified of the ocean.
Bernadette: Too bad.
Howard: You wouldnt know anybody who wants to buy a wet suit, boys large? Yeah, forget it. Not important. So, are you seeing anyone?
Bernadette: Well, to be honest, I
Penny: Hey, how are we doing over here? Can I get you something to drink?
Howard: Not for me, thanks.
Bernadette: Im okay.
Penny: Are you gonna want to order food?
Howard: Maybe later.
Penny: Okay.
Howard: So, are you seeing anybody?
Bernadette: No.
Penny: Thats what I told him when he asked me. I hope thats not out of line.
Bernadette: No, its fine.
Howard: Penny, can we have a little privacy?
Penny: Oh. Im sorry.
Bernadette: What about you, have you been seeing anybody?
Howard: Well, you know how it is with guys. I mean, we have needs and
Bernadette: So youve been seeing other girls?
Howard: Well, not real girls.
Bernadette: Does that mean slutty trolls?
Penny: You know, you look thirsty. I brought you some iced tea.
Bernadette: Thank you.
Penny: Its passion fruit, new on the menu.
Bernadette: I know. I work here.
Penny: Oh, sorry. Yeah, youre right. Doy. So, Howard, trolls, yay or nay?
Howard: Isnt there somewhere else you can be?
Penny: Not where I can hear you guys.
Howard: Okay, fine. Ill admit, there are dark, sordid little corners of the Internet where the name Wolowizard is whispered in hushed tones. But the only reason I go there, the only reason Ive ever gone there is because I dont have a real woman in my life. You happy?
Penny: Yeah, thatll hold me for a while.
Bernadette: Howard, you did have a real woman. I was right there in the next room while you were clicking that trolls brains out.
Howard: Yeah, but we werent, I-I mean, you and I never
Bernadette: Had sex?
Howard: Yeah.
Bernadette: Well, whose fault was that?
Penny: Complimentary nachos! You enjoy. Never had sex? Wow.
Howard: What do you mean, whose fault was that?
Bernadette: Well, we couldve been having sex, but you never made the move.
Howard: I didnt think you wanted me to make the move.
Bernadette: Howard, a girl doesnt go out with a man like you, with your looks, your fancy patter and your tight hoochie pants if shes not expecting him to eventually make the move.
Howard: Really?
Bernadette: Really.
Howard: Son of a bitch.
Penny: Hey, this is a little awkward, but my manager says I cant actually give nachos away. So, just take that when youre ready.
Scene: University corridor.
Howard: Yeah, we had a really great talk, and were gonna start seeing each other again.
Leonard: Oh, congratulations. Have you broken it to the troll yet?
Howard: Did Penny tell you about that?
Leonard: No. Steve Patterson told me.
Howard: The greasy old fat guy in Facilities Management?
Leonard: Yeah.
Howard: Howd he know about it?
Leonard: Hes Glissinda the troll.
Raj (voice): Sorry, dude, the thermostats on my side of the room, so it stays Mumbai hot in here until you turn off that stupid Indian music!
Sheldon (voice): Ill turn off the music when you get rid of that salmonella-ridden parakeet!
Raj (voice): Oh, too bad! Sheldons pathologically afraid of birds! Hey, look, Sheldon! Birdie, birdie, birdie!
Sheldon (voice): Thats it! Prepare for marshmallow death!
Raj (voice): Eat flaming Nerf! (Imitates gunfire)
Leonard: So anyway, thats great news about you and Bernadette.
Howard: Yeah. I think Im gonna take her to miniature golf.
Leonard: Ah. Well, I guess for you guys thats like regular golf.
Howard: Short jokes? Really? Youre, like, a quarter of an inch taller than me.
Leonard: Yeah, and dont you forget it.
Scene: Bernadettes car. 
Howard: I had a good time.
Bernadette: Me, too.
Katee Sackhoff: Kiss her good night. All right, now a little tongue.
George Takei: Hold on there. Weve only just rekindled the romance. Lets not sully the moment with the exchange of saliva.
Katee Sackhoff: Dont listen to him. She wants it. Tongue. Luh-luh-luh-luh-luh. See? Now make the move.
George Takei: Mm-mmm. Too soon.
Katee Sackhoff: Trust me, shes ready. Make the move.
George Takei: No, no, no. A lady wants to be wooed, courted slowly.
Katee Sackhoff: How would you know?
George Takei: I read.
Katee Sackhoff: Listen to me, Howard, its time. Make the move, now.
Bernadette: Mm! What are you doing?
Howard: You said, well, the move, remember?
Bernadette: Oh, not now. Were starting a new relationship. I need to get to know you again.
Howard: No, you dont. Its me. The lusty charmer with the fancy patter and the hoochie pants.
Bernadette: Be patient, well get there.
George Takei: Told you.
Scene: University corridor. 
Leonard: Oh, God, whats that smell? (Knocks on Sheldons door. Sheldon answers in a gas mask). Oh-ho-hoo!
Sheldon: Yes?
Leonard: What are you doing in there?
Sheldon: Im making hydrogen sulphide and ammonia gas. Just a little experiment in pest control.
Raj: Its not gonna work, dude, I grew up in India, an entire subcontinent where cows walk in the street, and nobody has ever had a solid bowel movement.
Sheldon: Well, well just see how long you can hold out.
Raj: Well, well just see how your noxious gas fares against my cinnamon-apple-scented aroma therapy candles.
Leonard: Didnt you say youre making hydrogen sulphide gas?
Sheldon: Yes.
Leonard: Isnt that flammable?
Sheldon: Highly. Oh, dear. (Explosion)
Raj: This is not over.
