Scene: The apartment.
Sheldon: Oh, dear. Penny, have you been recording shows on our DVR again?
Penny: No.
Sheldon: Answer honestly. This is not a trial. Thatll come later.
Penny: Absolutely not. Help me out here, I cant afford another demerit.
Leonard: Yeah. Uh, maybe we were hacked. You know, the Chinese have been hacking everything lately.
Sheldon: Why would the Chinese make our DVR record Paul Blart: Mall Cop?
Leonard: I dont know. Its a fat guy on a Segway. Thats funny everywhere.
Sheldon: Im deleting it.
Penny: Well, hang on. Maybe the Chinese havent finished watching it yet.
Leonard: You know, if youre trying to make space on the DVR, why dont you just get rid of some of the stuff youve already watched? Like, um, Alphas.
Sheldon: No, thats the season two finale. That was quite the cliffhanger. Im going to re-watch it before season three starts.
Leonard: There is no season three. They cancelled that show.
Sheldon: Well, they cant cancel it. It ended on a cliffhanger.
Leonard: They did.
Penny: Uh, Sheldon, there are two dumplings left. Do you want them?
Sheldon: Dumplings? Dont you understand whats going on here?
Penny: As a rule, no.
Sheldon: That show ended with all the residents of New York either dead or unconscious. Oh, now Ill never know what happened.
Penny: Well, why dont you make up your own ending?
Sheldon: Oh, sure, what a wonderful idea. And after that, Ill make up my own rules of oral hygiene. You know, instead of flossing, Ill rub pudding on my gums. Im going to get the number of the SyFy Channel and give them what for.
Leonard: Oh, please, dont do that.
Sheldon: No. They cant just cancel a show like Alphas. You know? They have to help the viewers let go. Firefly did a movie to wrap things up. Buffy the Vampire Slayer continued on as a comic book. Heroes gradually lowered the quality season by season till we were grateful it ended.
Penny: I feel bad for whoever gets that phone call.
Leonard: Ah, dont. If they didnt want to be yelled at by crazy nerds, they shouldnt have started a sci-fi channel.
Credits sequence
Scene: Rajs apartment.
Howard: I think youre gonna be really happy with this security camera. The optics are great, its got infrared technology, and theres even a backup battery when the power goes out.
Raj: Whatever. I can see my little princess while Im at work, right?
Howard: Why cant you just watch porn like a regular guy? I need your laptop so I can configure the software.
Raj: Wait, hold on. This is weird.
Howard: What?
Raj: I was Googling that girl Ive been dating, and I found her blog.
Howard: Cool. Anything juicy?
Raj: She said she recently went on a date with a guy named Roger? And hes Indian? And hes an astrophysicist, too?
Howard: You know whats going on, dont you?
Raj: Yes, Mummy was right. American girls are sexually voracious devils.
Howard: I cant believe I have to explain this. People change names on blogs to protect their privacy. Roger is Raj.
Raj: Oh. I always thought, if I had a white name, it would be Gavin.
Howard: Keep reading. What does it say?
Raj: No, no, I dont know if I should. If she wanted me to know about her blog, she wouldve told me. Its almost like Im reading her diary.
Howard: Its exactly what its like. Keep reading.
Raj: No, this is creepy.
Howard: Oh, I think we were looking at creepy in the rearview mirror when I put up that camera.
Raj: Its not creepy. Dont listen to him. Oh, look whos got the sweetest kisses.
Howard: Should I go?
Scene: Pennys apartment.
Leonard: With all the TV Sheldon was talking about, I had the greatest idea ever. It even blows away my idea for a Star Wars themed coffee shop called Brewbaccas. You need to watch Buffy the Vampire Slayer. It is the perfect show for the two of us. Its got action and jokes and hot vampires and romance. I cannot oversell this. What do you say?
Penny: Its six thirty in the morning.
Leonard: I thought you grew up on a farm.
Scene: The apartment.
Sheldon (on phone): Hello, SyFy Network? Yeah, this is your vice president of programming. Now, we have made a horrible mistake regarding Alphas. Yeah, we need to uncancel it immediately. Well, you just put me through to the people who handle that, you tell them its me, and I dont want to answer a lot of questions about if I really am who I say I am, you know? I just. I want this done. No, I am not the person who just called. That man was clearly a cowboy. Yeah, who was plumb concerned about yall cancelling his favourite show. Why do they keep hanging up on me?
Amy: Im sorry youre upset. You know, Sheldon, sometimes people seek the comfort of physical contact in moments like this.
Sheldon: I am not flying back to Texas just so my mom can give me a hug.
Amy: Okay. Well, what I think is going on here is you have a pathological need for closure.
Sheldon: Oh, thats nonsense. I mean, you tell me stories about your day all the time. I dont care how they end.
Amy: You know, I might be able to help you with this. Theres a whole field of behavioural neuroscience that examines ways to retrain your neural pathways so stuff like this bothers you less.
Sheldon: Yeah, but I just told you, I dont have a problem with closure.
Amy: You sure about that?
Sheldon: Oh, quite sure. (Amy starts a knocking sequence on the table. After staring at her a moment, Sheldon completes it.) That proves nothing.
Scene: Rajs office.
Howard: Ready to go to lunch?
Raj: Do you think Im feminine?
Howard: Yeah. Lets go.
Raj: Thanks a lot.
Howard: Whats going on?
Raj: I broke down, and I read Lucys blog, and in one of the entries she said, when we first met, I struck her as a little feminine.
Howard: Just a little? Thats great.
Raj: I have to talk to her about this.
Howard: Oh, geez, why do you girls always want to talk about things? Listen to me, if shes writing about your relationship, use it to your advantage. Rig the game.
Raj: Well, that doesnt seem fair.
Howard: Is it fair that girls like confident, normal guys more than nervous weirdos?
Raj: No, its not. Ive always thought that was unfair.
Howard: So take whats in that blog and use it to get her pants off.
Raj: Why do you have to make everything so filthy? Why couldnt you just say the blog is like her giving me the key to her heart?
Howard: The key to her heart. Thats nice. Were you quoting someone or is it tattooed on the small of your back?
Raj: I was quoting a man who knows a thing or two about women, Sir Elton John.
Scene: Pennys apartment.
Leonard: So, did you love it? Of course you loved it. How could you not love it? Tell me how much you loved it.
Penny: It was cute.
Leonard: Oh, dont say cute. Thats the worst.
Penny: Whats wrong with cute?
Leonard: It just makes things seem small. It diminishes them.
Penny: So you want me to stop calling your little tushy cute?
Leonard: You can try, but nobodys gonna believe you. I just, I dont understand how you can watch a show that great and not be excited by it.
Penny: I liked it. Im excited.
Leonard: Well, then, tell your face.
Penny: What do you want from me?
Leonard: You know what? Never mind. We gave it a shot. Lets just see what else is on.
Penny: Oh, come on, dont be like that.
Leonard: Well
Penny: Im sorry I called it cute. Lets watch another one.
Leonard: Really?
Penny: Yeah, it was fun. Kind of reminded me of my high school. But instead of vampires, we had meth heads. But both came out at night and had messed up teeth.
Leonard: All right, cool. I think youll like the next one better. All the cheerleaders are suffering from an evil curse.
Penny: Oh. Well, thats like my high school, too. But instead of a curse, it was crabs.
Scene: The apartment.
Amy: Ive come up with a series of exercises to help with your compulsive need for closure.
Sheldon: I take issue with the word compulsive.
Amy: All Im saying is, we live in a world where closure isnt always an op
Sheldon: tion. Okay. For the sake of argument, lets say I have a problem. What would be your plan for addressing it?
Amy: Im going to recondition your brain so that the need for completion isnt so overwhelming.
Sheldon: By playing tic-tac-toe?
Amy: Yep. Your turn.
Sheldon: Oh, Amy. And you wonder why people think neuroscience is nothing but a goofy game for diaper babies. Tic-tac-toe can only end in win, lose or draw, none of which will deny me closure. Especially since Im about to win. (She wipes the board clean.) B-But we didnt finish.
Amy: Exactly. How does that make you feel?
Sheldon: The same way any normal person would. I feel like I want to peel off my own face and tear it in two and then again and again until I have a handful of Sheldon-face confetti.
Amy: And thats exactly the feeling we want to address with this course of treatment.
Sheldon: Or you could pitch in, grab a nostril and help me get this face off.
Amy: Come on, you can do this.
Sheldon: You dont know what its like to feel completely frustrated. To have a desire build up within you and be denied any opportunity for release.
Amy: Yeah, sounds like a drag.
Scene: Pennys apartment.
Penny: Okay, help me out here. Why does he love this show so much?
Bernadette: Well, there was action, it was funny. I mean, you do get that usually the monster chases the pretty girl, but this time the pretty girl chases the monsters?
Penny: Yippee, its backwards. I get it.
Bernadette: Why does this bother you so much?
Penny: I dont know. Its just, hes so passionate about so many different things. I just dont get that way. Do you?
Bernadette: Well, sure. Im pretty passionate about science. I remember the first time I looked through a microscope and saw millions of tiny microorganisms. It was like a whole other universe. If I wanted to, I could wipe it out with my thumb like a god.
Penny: See? I wish I had some of that fire in my life. I mean, I want to care about things and get excited like you guys.
Bernadette: Well, theres no reason you cant.
Penny: You think?
Bernadette: Absolutely. All we need to do is spend a little time and find something youre passionate about.
Penny: Ugh, that sounds like a lot of work.
Scene: Rajs apartment. 
Howard (on webcam): Hey, whats up?
Raj: Uh, Lucys coming over. I need some advice.
Howard: However long you think the foreplay should be, triple it.
Raj: Just tell me which one you think is more manly. This hockey jersey or this football jersey.
Howard: I dont know. Go with hockey.
Raj: Good, black is more slimming. Oh, thats her. I got to go be butch. Toodles. Hey.
Lucy: Hi.
Raj: Come in.
Lucy: Oh, look how cute your little doggy is.
Raj: Yeah, well, I wouldnt get too close. If I give the right command in German, shell rip your face off.
Scene: The apartment. Montage of scenes.
1. Amy (singing): Oer the land of the free, and the home of the Next.
2. (Sheldon is laying out an intricate pattern of dominoes) Amy: Thats quite an impressive layout, isnt it?
Sheldon: Yes.
Amy: Lets box it up.
Sheldon: Lets box it up.
3. (Sheldon is turning the handle on a jack-in-the-box. Just before the end of the tune) Amy: Thats enough. Sheldon, Sheldon, give it!
4. Amy: Okay, Sheldon, make a wish and blow out the candles. Oops, missed one. Now your wish cant come true.
Sheldon: Lucky for you, cause I wished you were dead.
Scene: Rajs apartment.
Lucy: I like your jersey.
Raj: Thanks. I love hockey.
Lucy: Oh, cool. So does my dad. We watched it all the time growing up. Whos your favourite player?
Raj: Not Brian Boitano, thats for sure. Hows your burrito?
Lucy: Its still a little frozen in the middle.
Raj: Probably because I didnt read the instructions. No wrappers going to tell me what to do. Unless his name is Jay-Z.
Lucy: Is something going on?
Raj: What do you mean?
Lucy: Well, youre acting all weird, and Im pretty weird, so I think I know what Im talking about.
Raj: I dont know. Maybe its all those steroids Ive been taking.
Lucy: I think Im gonna go. Thank you for the burrito and the pork rinds and the 20-minute lecture on why monster trucks are better than regular trucks.
Raj: Wait, wait. I, I found your blog here you wrote about me.
Lucy: Oh. I kind of just write that for myself. I didnt think anybody actually read it.
Raj: No kidding. You didnt make it easy to find. I spent hours digging around online. For the record, you have excellent credit scores. And your diabetic aunt seems to be adjusting to her new leg just fine.
Lucy: Why were you acting so strange tonight?
Raj: You called me feminine. And I, I wanted you to think I was more manly.
Lucy: Raj, I didnt say feminine was a bad thing. I meant that youre sweet and thoughtful and your skin looks so much like caramel, I just want to dip an apple in your face.
Raj: I do have a pretty balls-to-the-wall moisturising regimen.
Lucy: So, are you okay?
Raj: Yeah.
Lucy: Good. Do you even like hockey?
Raj: No. Bought this at the Staples Center when I went to see Taylor Swift.
Scene: Pennys apartment. 
Penny: So, I was thinking how excited you get about stuff like Buffy or science or which TV remote you and Sheldon should buy.
Leonard: The Harmony One was fine. We didnt need to upgrade to the eleven hundred, which he knows is too big for my hand.
Penny: See, thats the kind of passion I didnt think I had. But then I realized Im passionate about you.
Leonard: Oh, my cute little tushy strikes again.
Penny: No, Im serious. Look, Ive always had these plans. I was gonna be in movies and live this glamorous life, and anything less than that just wasnt worth getting excited about.
Leonard: Those things can still happen.
Penny: Oh, obviously its gonna happen. Yeah, a psychic at a bachelorette party told me so. Anyway, what I meant was, I shouldnt wait, you know? Ive got you, Ive got Sheldon, all these wonderful friends. My life is exciting right now.
Leonard: Thats a big deal.
Penny: It is, isnt it?
Leonard: So, does that mean we get to do stuff like talk about cool shows or get dressed up in matching costumes and go to Comic-Con?
Penny: Leonard, I had an epiphany, not a stroke.
Scene: The apartment. 
Sheldon: Amy, I must say, I was sceptical at first, but this has truly been a transformative evening.
Amy: Im a little surprised to hear you feeling so positive.
Sheldon: Well, youre an excellent neuroscientist, youre a wonderful girlfriend, and
Amy: And?
Sheldon: Doesnt matter, does it?
Amy: Im proud of you, Sheldon. (Exits.)
Sheldon: And a complete sucker.
(Montage of sccenes)
1. (Redraws tic-tac-toe board) Sheldon: Oh, yeah.
2. (Blows out all candles on the cake)
3. (Winds up jack-in-the-box until it pops out.) Sheldon: There he is.
4. Sheldon (singing): And the home of the brave.
5. (Knocks over first of intricate domino pattern) Sheldon: Dont stop. Yes, keep going. Just like that.
Almost there, almost there. Uh-huh-huh!
Penny: Sheldon, you big weirdo, I want you to know that I love that youre in my life.
Sheldon: I love you, too.
Scene: Later.
Sheldon: Hello. Uh, is this the Bruce Miller who wrote the season finale of Alphas? Oh, smashing. Yeah, you already sound nicer than the last Bruce Miller who suggested I have sexual relations with myself. Now, down to business. Um, your show ended on a cliffhanger. Could you please tell me how you planned to resolve it? Uh-huh. Mm-hmm. I see. Well, that all stinks. No wonder you got cancelled. Bye.
